
HARRY

I can't, Hedwig.  I'm not allowed
to use magic outside of school.
Besides, if Uncle Vernon --

UNCLE VERNON 

Har-ry Pot-ter!

HARRY

Now you've done it.

UNCLE VERNON
I warned you.  If you can't
control that bloody bird, it'll
have to go.

HARRY

She's bored.  If I could just let
her out for an hour or two --

UNCLE VERNON
And have you sending secret
messages to your freaky little
friends?  No, sir.

HARRY

But I haven't gotten any messages.
From any of my friends.  Not one.
All summer.

DUDLEY

Who'd want to be friends with you?

UNCLE VERNON

I should think you'd be more
grateful.  We raise you since you
were a baby, give you food off our
table, even let you have Dudley's
second bedroom... purely out of
the goodness of our hearts.

DUDLEY

I thought he got the second
bedroom because Mum was afraid
he'd turn us into dung beetles if
you put him back in the cupboard
under the stairs.

AUNT PETUNIA

Not yet, popkin.  That's for when
the Masons arrive.

UNCLE VERNON

Which should be any moment.  Now.
Let's run through our schedule one
more time.  Petunia, when the
Masons get here, you will be --

AUNT PETUNIA

In the lounge, waiting to welcome
them graciously to our home.

UNCLE VERNON

Good.  And Dudley?

DUDLEY

I'll be waiting to open the door.

UNCLE VERNON

Excellent.

And you?

HARRY

I'll be in my bedroom, making no
noise and pretending I don't
exist.

UNCLE VERNON

Too right you will.  With any
luck, this could well be the day I
make the biggest deal of my
career.

Upstairs!  Hurry!

DOBBY

Harry Potter!  Such an honor it
is!

HARRY
What... Who are you?

DOBBY

Dobby, sir.  Dobby the house elf.

HARRY

I see.  Not to be rude or
anything, but this isn't a great
time for me to have a house-elf in
my bedroom.

DOBBY

Oh, yes, sir, Dobby understands.
It's just that, Dobby has come to
tell you... it is difficult, sir...
Dobby wonders where to begin.

HARRY

Why don't you sit down?

DOBBY

S-s-sit down?

HARRY

Shhhh!  I'm sorry.  I didn't mean
to offend you or anything --

DOBBY

Offend Dobby!  Dobby has heard of
your greatness, sir, but never has
he been asked to sit down by a
wizard, like an equal...

HARRY

You can't have met many decent
wizards then.

DOBBY

Bad Dobby!  Bad Dobby!

UNCLE VERNON

Don't mind that.  It's just the...
cat.

DUDLEY

Cat?  What cat?

UNCLE VERNON

Our cat, tiger.

HARRY

Are you... all right?

DOBBY

Dobby had to punish himself, sir.
Dobby almost spoke ill of his
family, sir.

HARRY

Your... family?

DOBBY

The wizard family Dobby serves,
sir.  Dobby is bound to serve one
family forever.  If they ever knew
Dobby was here...

DOBBY

But Dobby had to come.  Dobby has
to protect Harry Potter.  To warn
him. Harry Potter must not go back to
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and
Wizardry this year.

HARRY

Not go back?  But... I have to.

DOBBY

This is a plot.  A plot to make
most terrible things happen.  If
Harry Potter goes back to school
he will be in great danger.

HARRY

What terrible things?  Who's
plotting them?

HARRY

Okay!  I understand.  You can't
say --

UNCLE VERNON

They arrive at the ninth hole
and!--

MR. MASON

Sounds as if that cat of yours has
dragged something in with it,
Dursley.

UNCLE VERNON

Not to worry.  I'll sort it out.

HARRY

Stop!  Stop!

UNCLE VERNON

What the devil are you doing up
here!  You've just ruined the
punch line of my Japanese golfer
joke.  One more sound and you'll
wish you'd never been born, boy!

HARRY

See why I've got to go back?  I
don't belong here.  I belong in
your world -- at Hogwarts.  It's
the only place I've got...
friends.

DOBBY

Friends who don't even write to
Harry Potter?

HARRY

Well, I expect they've been --
hang on, how do you know my
friends haven't been writing me?

DOBBY

Harry Potter mustn't be angry with
Dobby -- Dobby hoped if Harry
Potter thought his friends had
forgotten him... Harry Potter
might not want to go back to
school, sir...

HARRY
Give me those.  Now.

HARRY

Dobby... Please... No...

DOBBY

Harry Potter must say he's not
going back to school.

HARRY

I can't.  Hogwarts is my home.

DOBBY

Then Dobby must do it, sir.  For
Harry Potter's own good.

UNCLE VERNON

I'm sorry.  It's our nephew.  Very
disturbed.  Meeting strangers
upsets him, so we kept him
upstairs...

AUNT PETUNIA

We have ice cream...

UNCLE VERNON

Go on.  Read it.

HARRY

'Dear Mr. Potter.  We have
received intelligence that a Hover
Charm was used at your place of
residence at twelve minutes past
seven this evening.  As you know,
underage wizards are not permitted to 
perform spells outside school.'

UNCLE VERNON

You didn't tell us you weren't
Allowed to use magic at home.
Slipped your mind, didn't it?

Well, I've got news for you, boy.
I'm locking you up!  And if you
try to magic yourself out, they'll
expel you!  You're never going
back to that school!  Never!

DUDLEY

I know what day it is.

HARRY

Well done, Dudley.  Finally
learned the days of the week, have
you.

DUDLEY

Today's your birthday.  And nobody
cares.

HARRY

It's no good turning your beak up.
It's all we've got.

HARRY

Ron?

RON

Hiya, Harry.

HARRY

Fred?  George?  What're you doing
here?

RON

Rescuing you, of course.  Where's
your trunk?

RON

Stand back.

HARRY

Hedwig!

UNCLE VERNON

Petunia!  He's getting away!

RON

Hold on, Harry!

UNCLE VERNON

Oh no, boy!  You and that bloody
pigeon aren't going anywhere!

RON

Put your foot down, Fred!

RON

By the way, Harry.  Happy
Birthday.

FRED

Hurry!  Let's nip inside before
Mum wakes up!

RON

It's not much.

HARRY

I think it's... brilliant!

MRS. WEASLEY 

Where have you been?!

MRS. WEASLEY

Harry!  How wonderful to see you.

Beds empty!  No note!  You
could've died!  You could've been
seen!

I don't blame you, of course,
dear.

RON

They were starving him, Mum!
There were bars on his window!

MRS. WEASLEY

You best hope I don't put bars on
your window, Ronald Weasley!

Care for a spot of tea, Harry?

GINNY

Mummy.  Have you seen my jumper --

RON

Ginny.  Been talking about you all
summer.  Dead annoying, really.

GEORGE

Dad's home!

MR. WEASLEY

What a night!  Nine raids!  Nine!

HARRY

Raids?

RON

Dad works at the Ministry of
Magic.  In the Misuse of Muggle
Artefacts Office.

HARRY

The Misuse of Muggle Artefacts...?

RON

That's when wizards bewitch
something to drive Muggles mad.
Shrinking door keys, that kind of
thing.  Dad loves Muggles.  Thinks
they're fascinating.

MR. WEASLEY

Well now.  Who are you?

HARRY

Harry, sir.  Harry Potter.

MR. WEASLEY

Good Lord, are you really?  Ron's
told us all about you, of course.
When did you get here?

MRS. WEASLEY

This morning.  Your sons flew that
enchanted car of yours to Surrey
house and back last night.

MR. WEASLEY

Did you now!  How'd it go?!

I... I mean... That was very
wrong, boys.  Very wrong indeed.
So, Harry.  You must know all
about Muggles.  Tell me, what
exactly is the function of a
parking meter?

MRS. WEASLEY

That must be Errol with the post.
Fetch him, will you, George?

GEORGE

It's our Hogwarts letters!  And
look.  They've sent Harry's as well.

MR. WEASLEY

Dumbledore must know you're here,
Harry.  Doesn't miss a trick, that
man.

FRED

This lot won't come cheap, Mum.
The spellbooks alone...

MRS. WEASLEY

We'll manage.  Right then.
There's only one place to get all
of this.

HARRY

Diagon Alley!

RON

Diagon Alley!

FRED

Diagon Alley!

GEORGE

Diagon Alley!

MRS. WEASLEY

You first, Harry dear.

RON

Harry's never traveled by Floo
Powder before, Mum.

HARRY

Floo Powder?

MRS. WEASLEY

Percy.  Would you mind going
first, so Harry can see how it's
done?

PERCY

Certainly, Mother.  Don't worry,
Harry.  It's simple enough.

PERCY

Diagon Alley.

MRS. WEASLEY

Remember to speak clearly, dear!

RON

And mind you get out at the right grate!

HARRY

D-Dia-gon Alley!

MR. BORGIN

Mr. Malfoy!  What a pleasure to
see you again.  If I may, just in
today --

LUCIUS MALFOY

I'm not buying today, Mr. Borgin.
But selling.

MR. BORGIN

Selling?

LUCIUS MALFOY

You have heard, of course, that
the Ministry of Magic is
conducting more raids.  There are
even rumors of a new Muggle
Protection Act...

LUCIUS MALFOY

I have a few... ah... items at
home that might prove embarrassing
if the Ministry were to call.
Certain poisons and the like...

MR. BORGIN

Hmmm... yes.  I see...

DRACO

Can I have this?

MR. BORGIN

Ah, the Hand of Glory.  Insert a
candle and it gives light only to
the holder.  Best friend of
thieves and plunderers.  Your son
has fine taste, sir.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Hopefully my son will amount to
more than a thief, Mr. Borgin.
Though if his marks don't pick
up --

DRACO

It's not my fault the teachers
have favorites.  That Hermione
Granger --

LUCIUS MALFOY

I would have thought you'd be
ashamed that a girl of no
wizarding family beat you in every
exam.

MR. BORGIN

It's the same all over.  Wizard
blood is counting for less
everywhere.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Not with me.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Very good.  I'll expect you at the
manor tomorrow.  Come, Draco.

AGED WITCH 

Not lost are you, my dear?

HARRY

I'm fine, thanks.  I'm just --

HAGRID

HARRY!  What d'yer think yer doin'
down 'ere?

HARRY

Hagrid!

HAGRID

Yer a mess!  Skulkin' 'round
Knockturn Alley.  Dodgy place,
Harry.  Don't want no one ter see
yeh down there.  People'll be
thinkin' yer up ter no good.

HARRY

I was lost, I -- Hang on.  What
were you doing down there?

HAGRID

I was lookin' fer a Flesh Eatin'
Slug Repellent.  They're ruinin'
the school cabbages.

HERMIONE 

Harry!

HERMIONE

Hello, Hagrid.  Oh, it's wonderful
to see you two again.

HERMIONE

Oculus Reparo.

HARRY

I need to remember that one.

HERMIONE

C'mon.  Everyone's been so worried.

MR. WEASLEY

So you're dentists!  Fascinating!
I understand other Muggles quite
fear you?  Why is that?

MRS. WEASLEY

Oh, Harry.  Thank goodness.  We
hoped you'd only gone one grate
too far.  Come now.  We're off to
Flourish and Blotts.

HERMIONE

Isn't it thrilling!  Gilderoy
Lockhart's going to be there!  We
can actually meet him!  I mean,
he's written almost the whole
booklist!

HARRY

Who?

MRS. WEASLEY

There he is!

RON

Mum fancies him.

SHORT MAN

Out of the way!  This is for The
Daily Prophet!

GILDEROY LOCKHART

It can't be Harry Potter?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Nice big smile, Harry.  Together,
you and I rate the front page.

Ladies and gentlemen!  What an
extraordinary moment this is!
When young Harry here stepped into
Flourish and Blotts this morning
to purchase my autobiography,
Magical Me -- which, incidentally
is celebrating its twenty-seventh
week atop The Daily Prophet's
Bestseller List -- he had no idea
that he would, in fact, be leaving
with my entire collected works!
Free of charge!

HARRY

Thank you.

HARRY

You have these.  I'll buy my
own!--

DRACO

Bet you loved that, didn't you,
Potter?  Famous Harry Potter.
Can't even go into a bookshop
without making the front page.

GINNY

Leave him alone!  He didn't want
all that!

DRACO

Look, Potter.  You've got yourself
a girlfriend!

LUCIUS MALFOY

Silence, Draco!  Ah... Mr. Potter.
I don't believe we've met.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Forgive me, Mr. Potter.  But your
scar is legend.  As, of course, is
the wizard who gave it to you.

HARRY

He was a murderer.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Yes, a pity about your parents.
Curious that you yourself should
escape with a mere flesh wound.
Curious, too, that you speak of
him in the past.  Surely, you
don't think He-Who-Must-Not-Be-
Named is gone forever.

HARRY

His name is Voldemort.

LUCIUS MALFOY

You must be very brave, Mr.
Potter, to dare speak his name.
Or foolish.

HERMIONE

Fear of a name only increases fear
of the thing itself.

LUCIUS MALFOY

You must be Miss Granger.  Draco's
told me all about you... and your
parents.  Muggles, aren't you?

MR. WEASLEY

Ron!  Harry!  It's mad in here.
Let's go outside.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Well, well, well -- Arthur
Weasley.

MR. WEASLEY

Lucius.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Busy time at the Ministry.  All
those raids.  I hope they're
paying you overtime.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Obviously not.  Dear me.  What's
the use of being a disgrace to the
name of wizard if they don't even
pay you well for it.

MR. WEASLEY

We have a very different idea
about what disgraces the name of
wizard, Lucius.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Clearly.  The company you keep,
Weasley.  And I thought your
family could sink no lower.

HAGRID

Ignore 'im, Arthur.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Here, girl.  Take your book.  It's
the best your father can give you.

HAGRID

No Malfoy's worth listenin' ter.
Rotten ter the core, the whole
family...

MRS. WEASLEY

Oh dear!  The train'll be leaving
any moment!  All together now!

MRS. WEASLEY

Go on, Ginny.  You know what to
do.

MRS. WEASLEY 

Come, Ginny.  We'll get you a
seat.

RON

We better hurry.

GUARD

What in blazes d'you two think
you're doing?

HARRY

Sorry.  Lost control of the
trolley.

RON

Why can't we get through?

HARRY

I dunno.  The gateway's sealed
itself for some reason.

The train leaves at exactly eleven
o'clock.  We've missed it.

Can't hear a thing.

RON

Harry.  If we can't get through,
maybe Mum and Dad can't get back.

HARRY

Maybe we should go wait by the
car.

RON

The car!

HARRY

This is mad.  We can't drive to
Hogwarts.

RON

Who says we're driving?

HARRY

You don't mean -- Ron, no.

RON

Look, who knows when Mum and Dad
will get back.  And we've got to
get to school, haven't we?  And
even underage wizards are allowed
to use magic if it's an absolute
emergency.  Least that's what Fred
and George always say...

HARRY

Something tells me we're going to
regret this.

HARRY

No offense, Ron, but are you sure
you know how to fly this.

RON

No problem.

RON

There.  See.  Now I reckon all we
have to do is find the Hogwarts
Express and follow it.  Simple.

HARRY

Uh, Ron.  I should tell you.  Most
Muggles aren't accustomed to
seeing a flying car.

RON

Right.

RON

Uh oh.  The Invisibility Booster
must be faulty.

RON

Any sign of the train?

HARRY

There!  Up ahead!  Look...

RON

Brilliant.

RON

It must be around here
someplace.

HARRY

Do you hear that?

HARRY

Aaaahhhhh!

RON

Take my hand!

RON

Hold on!

HARRY

I'm trying!  Your hand's all
sweaty!

HARRY

I think we found the train.

RON

Welcome home, Harry.

HARRY

Just out of interest, Ron.  Have
you ever landed a car before?

RON

Well... no.  but, until a few
hours ago, I'd never taken off in
one either.

RON

Uh oh.

RON

It's not working!

HARRY

Up!  Up!

HARRY

Mind that tree!

HARRY

Turn!  Turn!

RON

Stop!  Stop!  Stop!

RON

My wand!  Look at my wand!

HARRY

Be thankful it's not your neck.

RON

What's happening?

RON

Aaaaahhhhh!

RON

What kind of tree is this?

HARRY

Aaaaahhhhh!

HARRY

Reverse!  Reverse!

RON

Dad's going to kill me.

HARRY

A house elf shows up in my
bedroom, we can't get through the
barrier to Platform Nine and Three
Quarters, we almost get killed by
a tree... clearly someone doesn't
want me here this year.

FILCH

Well, take a good look, lads...

FILCH

This night might well be the last
you spend in this castle.

SNAPE

You were seen!  By no less then
seven Muggles.  Do you have any
idea how serious this is?  You
have risked the exposure of our
world.  Not to mention the damage
you inflicted on a Whomping Willow
that has been on these grounds for
hundreds of years.

RON

Honestly, Professor Snape, I think
it did more damage to us.

SNAPE

Silence!  I assure you, were you
in Slytherin and your fate rested
with me, the both of you would be
on the train home tonight.  As it
is --

DUMBLEDORE

They are not.

HARRY

Professor Dumbledore.  Professor
McGonagall...

SNAPE

Headmaster, these boys have
flouted the Decree for the
Restriction of Underage Wizardry.
As such...

DUMBLEDORE

I'm well aware of our bylaws,
Severus, having written more than
a few myself.  However, as Head of
Gryffindor House, it is for
Professor McGonagall to determine
the appropriate action.

RON

We'll go and get our stuff.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

What are you talking about, Mr.
Weasley?

RON

Well, you're going to expel us,
aren't you?

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Not today, Mr. Weasley.  But I
must impress upon both of you the
seriousness of what you have done.
I will be sending owls to both of
your families tonight.  And you
will each get a detention.

DUMBLEDORE

Splendid.  Now, I suggest we
return to the feast.  There's a
delicious-looking custard tart I
want to sample.

HARRY

Mr. Filch.  You dropped this...

NEVILLE

Detention.  On the first day?

SEAMUS

That must be some kind of record.

HERMIONE

I should think you'd count
yourself lucky that's all you got.

RON

I should think you'd mind your own
business.

PROFESSOR SPROUT

Welcome to Greenhouse Three,
Second Years.  Today, we will be
re-potting Mandrakes.  Now, who
here can tell me the properties of
the Mandrake?  Yes, Miss Granger.

HERMIONE

Mandrake, or Mandragora, is used
to return those who have been
transfigured to their original
state.  It's also quite dangerous.
The Mandrake's cry is fatal to
anyone who hears it.

PROFESSOR SPROUT

Excellent.  Ten points to
Gryffindor.  As our Mandrakes are
only seedlings, their cries won't
kill yet.  However, they will
knock you out for several hours.
That is why I have provided each
of you with a pair of earmuffs.
If you would then...

PROFESSOR SPROUT

Hm.  Looks as though Mr.
Longbottom neglected his muffs.

SEAMUS

No, ma'am.  He's just fainted.

PROFESSOR SPROUT

Very well.  We'll just leave him
then.  Come now.  Four to a tray,
plenty of pots to go round...

PENELOPE CLEARWATER

There's Nearly Headless Nick.

PERCY

Hello, Sir Nicolas.

NEARLY HEADLESS NICK

Hello, Percy.  Miss Clearwater.

RON

Say it.  I'm doomed.

HARRY

You're doomed.

COLIN

Hiya, Harry.  I'm Colin Creevey.
I'm in Gryffindor too.

HARRY

Hello, Colin.  Nice to meet --

COLIN

They're for my dad -- the
pictures.  He's a milkman, you
know, a Muggle, like all our
family's been until me.  No one
knew all the odd stuff I could do
was magic till we got my letter
from Hogwarts.  Everyone just
thought I was mental.

RON

Imagine that.

COLIN

Say, Harry.  D'you think your
friend could take a photo of me
and you standing together?  Ya'
know, to prove I've met you?

DEAN THOMAS

Post is here!

RON

Bloody bird's a menace -- Oh...
no.

SEAMUS

Heads up, everyone.  Weasley's
gotten himself a Howler.

NEVILLE

Go on, Ron.  I ignored one from
my Gran once... and it was
horrible.

MRS. WEASLEY 

Ronald Weasley!  How dare you
steal that car!  I am
absolutely disgusted!  Your
father's now facing an inquiry
at work and it's entirely your
fault!  If you put another toe out
of line we'll bring you straight
home!

Oh, and Ginny dear.
Congratulations on making
Gryffindor.  Your father and I are
so proud.

HARRY

Look at it this way.  How much
worse can things get?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Let me introduce you to your new
Defense Against the Dark Arts
Teacher.  Me.  Gilderoy Lockhart,
Order of Merlin, Third Class,
Honorary Member of the Dark Force
Defense League and five times
winner of Witch Weekly's Most-
Charming-Smile Award -- But I
don't talk about that.  I didn't
get rid of the Bandon Banshee by
smiling at her!

GILDEROY LOCKHART

I see you've all bought a complete
set of my books.  Well done.  I
thought we'd start today with a
little quiz.  Nothing to worry
about.  Just to check how well
you've read them, how much you've
taken in...

RON

Look at these questions.  They're
all about him.

HARRY

'What is Gilderoy Lockhart's
favorite color?'

RON

'What is Gilderoy Lockhart's
greatest achievement to date?'

HARRY

'When is Gilderoy Lockhart's
birthday and what would his ideal
gift be?'

GILDEROY LOCKHART

You have thirty minutes.  Start --
now!

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Tut, tut.  Hardly any of you
remembered my favorite color is
lilac.  But Miss Hermione Granger
knew that my secret ambition is to
rid the world of evil and market
my own range of hair care potions.
Good girl.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Now... be warned!  It is my job to
arm you against the foulest
creatures known to wizardkind!
You may find yourself facing your
own worst fears in this room.
Know only that no harm can befall
you whilst I am here...

GILDEROY LOCKHART

I must ask you not to scream.  It
might provoke them.

SEAMUS

Cornish pixies?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Freshly caught Cornish pixies.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Laugh if you will, Mr. Finnegan,
but pixies can be devilishly
tricky little blighters.  Let's
see what you make of them now!

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Come on now, round them up, round
them up.  They're only pixies. Peskipiski Pesternomi!

GILDEROY LOCKHART

I'll ask you three to just nip the
rest of them back into their cage.

RON

What do we do now?

HERMIONE

Immobilus!

NEVILLE

Why is it always me?

RON

Can you believe him?

HERMIONE

I'm sure Professor Lockhart just
wanted to give us some hands-on
experience.

HARRY

Hands on?  Hermione, he didn't
have a clue what he was doing.

HERMIONE

Rubbish.  Read his books.  You'll
see all the amazing things he's
done.

RON

He says he's done.

WOOD

I spent the summer devising a
whole new Quidditch program.
We're going to train earlier,
harder, and longer!

What the... I don't believe it!

RON

Uh-oh.  I smell trouble.

WOOD

Clear out, Flint!  I booked the
pitch for Gryffindor today.

FLINT

Easy, Wood.  I've got a note.

WOOD

'I, Professor Severus Snape, do
hereby give the Slytherin team
permission to practice today,
owing to the need to train their
new Seeker.'

You've got a new Seeker?  Who?

HARRY

Draco?

DRACO

That's right.  And that's not all
that's new this year...

RON

Those are Nimbus Two Thousand
Ones.

FLINT

A generous gift from Draco's
father.

DRACO

That's right, Weasley.  You see,
unlike some, my father can afford
to buy the best.

HERMIONE

At least no one on the Gryffindor
team had to buy their way in.
They got in on pure talent.

DRACO

No one asked your opinion, you
filthy little Mudblood.

WOOD

Save it for the match.

RON

You'll pay for that one, Malfoy!
Eat slugs!

HERMIONE

Ron!  Say something!

COLIN

Wow!  Can you hold him still,
Harry?!

HARRY

Get out of the way, Colin!
Let's take him to Hagrid.  He'll
know what to do.

HAGRID

Got jus' the thing.  Set 'im down
on that chair o'er there.

HAGRID

Better out than in.  Who was he
tryin' ter curse anyway?

HARRY

Malfoy.  He called Hermione, well,
I don't know exactly what it
means...

HERMIONE

He called me a Mudblood.

HAGRID

He didn'!

HERMIONE

It means dirty blood.  Mudblood's
a really foul name for someone who
was Muggle-born.  Someone with
non-magic parents.  Someone...
like me.  It's not a term one
usually hears in civilized
conversation.

HAGRID

Yeh see, Harry.  There are some
wizards -- like Malfoy's family --
who think they're better than
everyone else 'cause they're what
people call pureblood.

HARRY

That's horrible.

RON

It's disgusting!

HAGRID

An' it's codswallop ter boot.
Dirty blood.  There's 'ardly a
wizard today that's not half-blood
or less.  If we 'adn't married
Muggles we'd've died out long ago.
Besides, they haven't invented a
spell our Hermione can't do...
Don' you think on it, Hermione.
Don' you think on it fer a minute.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Harry, Harry, Harry... Can you
possibly imagine a better way to
serve detention than by helping me
answer my fan mail?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Fame's a fickle friend, Harry.
Celebrity is as celebrity does.
Remember that.

VOICE

Come... come to me...

HARRY

What?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

I was saying, six solid months at
the top of the bestseller list!
Broke all records!

HARRY

No... not you, that... voice.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Voice?

HARRY

That... voice.  Didn't you hear
it?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

What are you talking about, Harry?
I think we're getting a bit
drowsy.  Great Scott -- and no
wonder -- look at the time!  We've
been here nearly four hours!
Dinner's nearly done!  If you
hurry you might make pudding.
Spooky how the time flies when
one's having fun!

HARRY

Spooky.

VOICE

Blood... I smell blood...

VOICE

Let me rip you... let me kill
you...

HERMIONE

Harry!

HARRY

Did you hear it?

RON

Hear what?

HARRY

That... voice.

HERMIONE

Voice?  What voice?

HARRY

I heard it first in Lockhart's
office and then again, just --

VOICE

Kill... Time to kill...

HARRY

It's moving.  I think it's going
to... kill.

RON

Harry, what are you doing?

HERMIONE

'The Chamber of Secrets has been
opened...?'

RON

What's that?  Hanging underneath?

HARRY

That's Filch's cat.  Mrs. Norris.

HERMIONE

Look at that.  Have you ever seen
spiders act like that?  Ron...?

RON

I... don't... like... spiders.

DRACO

Enemies of the heir, beware!
You'll be next, Mudbloods!

FILCH

What's going on here?  Go on now!
Make way...

Mrs. Norris!
You!  You've murdered my cat!
I'll kill you!  I'll --

DUMBLEDORE

Argus!

DUMBLEDORE

Everyone will proceed to their
dormitories immediately.
Everyone except you three.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

It was definitely a curse that
killed her -- probably the
Transmogrifian Torture.
Encountered it myself once, in
Ouagadougou.  The full story's in
my autobiography...

DUMBLEDORE

She's not dead, Argus.  She's been
Petrified.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Precisely!  So unlucky I wasn't
there.  I know the very
countercurse that could have
spared her...

DUMBLEDORE

But how she's been Petrified... I
cannot say.

FILCH

Ask him!  It's him that's done it.
You saw what he wrote on the wall!
Besides, he knows I'm -- I'm a
Squib.

HARRY

It's not true, sir!  I swear!  I
never touched Mrs. Norris -- And I
don't even know what a Squib is.

FILCH

Rubbish!  He saw my Kwikspell
letter!

SNAPE

If I might, Headmaster...

SNAPE

Perhaps Potter and his friends
were simply in the wrong place at
the wrong time...

SNAPE

However, the circumstances are
suspicious.  I, for one, don't
recall seeing Potter at dinner.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

I'm afraid that's my doing,
Severus.  You see, Harry was
helping me answer my fan mail...

HERMIONE

That's why Ron and I went looking
for him, Professor.  We'd just
found him when Harry said...

SNAPE

Yes, Miss Granger?

HARRY

When I said I wasn't hungry.  We
were heading back to the Common
Room and... found Mrs. Norris.

DUMBLEDORE

Innocent until proven guilty.

FILCH

My cat has been Petrified!  I want
to see some punishment!

DUMBLEDORE

We will be able to cure her,
Argus.  As I understand it, Madam
Sprout has a very healthy growth
of Mandrakes.  When they have
matured, a potion will be made
which will revive Mrs. Norris.  In
the meantime, I advise caution.
To all.

RON

A Squib's someone who's born into
a wizarding family but hasn't got
any powers of their own.  It's why
Filch is trying to learn magic
from a Kwikspell course.  It's
also why he hates students so
much.  He's bitter.

HERMIONE

Harry.  This voice.   You said you
heard it first in Lockhart's
office?

HARRY

Yes.

HERMIONE

And did he hear it?

HARRY

He said he didn't.

RON

Maybe he was lying.

HERMIONE

I hardly think someone with
Gilderoy Lockhart's credentials
would lie to one of his students,
Ronald.  Besides, if you recall,
we didn't hear anything either.

HARRY

You do believe me, don't you?

HERMIONE

'Course we do.  It's just... it's
a bit weird, isn't it?  You hear
this voice and then... Mrs. Norris
turns up Petrified.

HARRY

I can't explain it -- it was...
scary.
D'you think I should've told them!
-- Dumbledore and the others, I mean.

RON

Are you mad!

HERMIONE

No, Harry.  Even in the wizarding
world, hearing voices isn't a good
sign.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Today, we will be turning animals
into water goblets.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Now, who would like to go first...
Mr. Weasley?

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

You must replace that wand, Mr.
Weasley.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Yes, Miss Granger?

HERMIONE

Professor, I was wondering if you
could tell us about the Chamber of
Secrets?

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

My subject is Transfiguration,
Miss Granger.

HERMIONE

Yes, Professor.  But there seems
to be very little written about
the Chamber of Secrets.  For those
of us with a personal interest in
the subject, that is...
disturbing.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Very well.  You all know, of
course, that Hogwarts was founded
over a thousand years ago by the
four greatest witches and wizards
of the age:
Godric Gryffindor, Helga
Hufflepuff, Rowena Ravenclaw, and
Salazar Slytherin.  Three of the
founders co-existed quite
harmoniously.  One did not.

RON

Three glasses who?

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Salazar Slytherin wished to be
more selective about the students
admitted to Hogwarts.  He believed
that magical learning should be
kept within all-magic families.
In other words, purebloods.
Unable to sway the others, he
decided to leave the school.
According to legend, Slytherin had
built a hidden chamber in this
castle, known as the Chamber of
Secrets.  Shortly before
departing, he sealed it until that
time when his own true heir
returned to the school.  The heir
alone would be able to open the
Chamber of Secrets and unleash the
horror within, and by so doing,
purge the school of all those who,
in Slytherin's view, were unworthy
to study magic.

HERMIONE

Muggle-borns.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Yes.  Naturally, the school has been
searched many times for such a
chamber.  It has never been found.

HERMIONE

Professor, what exactly does
legend tell us lies within the
Chamber?

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

The Chamber is said to be home to
something which the heir of Slytherin
alone can control.  It is said to be
home... to a monster.

RON

D'you think it's true?  D'you
think there really is a Chamber of
Secrets?

HERMIONE

Yes.  Couldn't you tell:
McGonagall's worried.  All the
teachers are.

HARRY

But if there really is a Chamber
of Secrets, and it's really been
opened, that means...

HERMIONE

The Heir of Slytherin has returned
to Hogwarts.  The question is, who
is it?

RON

Let's think.  Who do we know who
thinks Muggle-borns are scum.

HERMIONE

If you're talking about him --

RON

Of course!  You heard him:
'You'll be next, Mudbloods'!

HERMIONE

I heard him.  But Malfoy?  The
Heir of Slytherin?

HARRY

Maybe Ron's right, Hermione.  I
mean, look at his family.  The
whole lot of them have been in
Slytherin for centuries.

RON

Crabbe and Goyle must know.  Maybe
we could trick them into
telling...

HERMIONE

No.  Even they aren't that thick.
But there might be another way.
Mind you, it would be difficult.
Not to mention we'd be breaking
about fifty school rules.  And it
would be dangerous.  Very
dangerous.

RON

When do we start?

HERMIONE

Here it is:  'The Polyjuice
Potion.  Properly brewed, the
Polyjuice Potion allows the
drinker to transform himself
temporarily into the physical form
of another...'

RON

You mean, Harry and I drink some
of this stuff and we turn into
Crabbe and Goyle?

HERMIONE

Yes.

RON

Wicked!  Malfoy'll tell us anything!

HERMIONE

Exactly.  But it's tricky.  I've
never seen a more complicated
potion.  Lacewing flies, leeches,
fluxweed.  And, of course, we'll
need a bit of whoever we want to
change into too.

RON

Hang on now.  I'm drinking nothing
with Crabbe's toenails in it.

HARRY

How long will it take to make?

HERMIONE

A month.

HARRY

A month?  But if Malfoy is the
heir of Slytherin... he could
attack half the Muggle-borns in
the school by then.

HERMIONE

You didn't have to tell me that.

HAGRID

Gallopin' Gorgons!  Slytherin's
flyin' like they got dragon fire
in their brooms...

DRACO

All right there, Scarhead?

GEORGE

Harry!  Watch out!

HAGRID

Blimey, Harry's got 'imself a
Rogue Bludger!

RON

Rogue Bludger?

HAGRID

Look fer yerself!  It's bin'
tampered with!

HERMIONE

You're joking, right?  Besides,
even with a proper wand, it's too
risky.  You could hit Harry.

DRACO

Training for the ballet, Potter?

HERMIONE

Finite Incantatem!

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Not to worry, Harry.  I'll fix
that arm of yours straight away.

HARRY

No... no... not you.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Poor boy doesn't know what he's
saying.  This won't hurt a bit...

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Ah.  Yes.  Well, that can
sometimes happen.  The point is,
the bones are no longer broken.

HAGRID

Brok'n?  He doesn't 'ave any bones
at all!

MADAM POMFREY

He should have been brought
straight to me!  I can mend bones
in a heartbeat -- but growing them
back --

HERMIONE

You will be able to, won't you?

MADAM POMFREY

I'll be able to, certainly, but it
will be painful.  You're in for a
rough night, Potter.  Regrowing
bones is nasty business.

MADAM POMFREY

Well, what did you expect --
pumpkin juice?

COLIN

That was brilliant today, Harry!
Brilliant!

MADAM POMFREY

Out!  All of you!  This boy's got
thirty-three bones to regrow!

HARRY

Dobby!

DOBBY

Harry Potter came back to school.
Dobby warned him.  Harry Potter
should have listened to Dobby.
Harry Potter should have gone back
home when he missed the train.

HARRY

It was you!  You stopped the
barrier from letting Ron and me
through!

DOBBY

Indeed yes, sir.  Dobby hid and
watched for Harry Potter and
sealed the gateway.

HARRY

You nearly got Ron and me
expelled!

DOBBY

At least you would be away from
here.  Harry Potter must go home!
Dobby thought his Bludger would be
enough to make Harry Potter see --

HARRY

Your Bludger? You made that
Bludger chase after me?

DOBBY

Dobby feels most aggrieved, sir.
Dobby had to iron his hands...

HARRY

You'd better clear off before my
bones come back, Dobby, or I might
strangle you!

DOBBY

Dobby is used to death threats,
sir.  Dobby gets them five times a
day at home.

HARRY

I don't suppose you could tell me
why you're trying to kill me?

DOBBY

Not kill you, sir, never kill you!
Dobby remembers how it was before
Harry Potter triumphed over He Who
Must Not Be Named.  We house elves
were treated like vermin, sir.  Of
course, Dobby is still treated
like vermin...

HARRY

Why do you wear that thing, Dobby?

DOBBY

This, sir?  'Tis a mark of the
house elf's enslavement.  Dobby
can only be freed if his master
presents him with clothes.  The
family is careful not to pass
Dobby so much as a sock, sir, for
then he would be free to leave
their house forever.

DOBBY

Terrible things are about to
happen at Hogwarts!  Harry Potter
must not stay here now that
history is to repeat itself!

HARRY

Repeat itself?  You mean, this has
happened before?

HARRY

Tell me, Dobby?  When did this
happen before?  Who's doing it
now?

DOBBY

Dobby cannot say, sir.  Dobby only
wants Harry Potter to be safe.

HARRY

No, Dobby!  Tell me!  Who is it?

MADAM POMFREY

What's happened?

DUMBLEDORE

There's been another attack.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Perhaps he managed to get a
picture of his attacker...

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

What does this mean, Albus?

DUMBLEDORE

It means our students are in great
danger, Minerva.  Mr. Creevey was
fortunate.  If not for this...
He would surely be dead.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

What sould I tell the staff,
Albus?

DUMBLEDORE

Tell them the truth.  Tell them
Hogwarts is no longer safe.  Tell
them it's as we feared.  The
Chamber of Secrets is indeed open
again.

HERMIONE

Again?  You mean, the Chamber of
Secrets has been opened before?

RON

Of course!  Don't you see?  Lucius
Malfoy must've opened it when he
was at school here, and now he's
told Draco how to do it.

HERMIONE

Maybe.  We'll have to wait for the
Polyjuice Potion to know for sure.

RON

Enlighten me.  Why are we
brewing this potion in broad
daylight, in the middle of a
girls' lavatory?  Don't you think
we'll get caught?

HERMIONE

Never.  No one over comes in here.

RON

Why?

HERMIONE

Moaning Myrtle.

RON

Who's Moaning Myrtle?

MOANING MYRTLE

I'm Moaning Myrtle.  I wouldn't
expect you to know me.  Who
would ever talk about fat, ugly,
miserable, moping, moaning
Myrtle?

HERMIONE

She's a little sensitive.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Gather round!  Gather round!  Can
everyone see me? Can you all hear
me?  Excellent.  In light of the
dark events of recent weeks,
Professor Dumbledore has granted
me permission to start this little
Dueling Club, to train you all up
in case you ever need to defend
yourselves as I myself have done
on countless occasions -- for full
details, see my published works.

JUSTIN FINCH-FLETCHLEY

That Lockhart's something, isn't
he?  Awfully brave chap.
Justin Finch-Fletchley.
Hufflepuff.

HARRY

Nice to meet you.  I'm --

JUSTIN FINCH-FLETCHLEY

I know who you are.  We all do.
Even us Muggle-borns.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Let me introduce my assistant
Professor Snape.  He has
sportingly agreed to help me with
a short demonstration.  Now I
don't want any of you youngsters
to worry.  You'll still have your
Potions Master when I'm through
with him, never fear!

RON

What's the fun in that?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

As you can see, we are holding our
wands in the accepted combative
position.  On the count of three,
we will cast our first spells.
Neither of us will be aiming to
kill, of course.

HARRY

I wouldn't bet on that.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

One-two-three --

SNAPE

Expelliarmus!

HERMIONE

Do you think he's all right?

HARRY

Who cares?

RON

Who cares?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Well, there you have it.  That was
a Disarming Charm.  As you see,
I've lost my wand.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Ah, thank you, Miss Granger.  Yes,
an excellent idea to show them
that, Professor Snape, but if you
don't mind my saying so, it was
very obvious what you were about
to do.  If I had wanted to stop
you it would have been only too
easy...

SNAPE

Perhaps it would be prudent to
first teach the students to block
unfriendly spells, Professor.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

An excellent suggestion, Professor
Snape.  Let's have a volunteer
pair.  Potter, Weasley, how about
you?

SNAPE

Weasley's wand causes devastation
with the simplest spells.  We'll
be sending Potter to the hospital
wing in a matchbox.  Might I
suggest someone from my own house.
Malfoy, perhaps.

DRACO

Scared, Potter?

HARRY

You wish.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Wands at the ready!  When I count
to three, cast your charms to
disarm your opponent -- only to
disarm.  We don't want any
accidents.  One, two --

HARRY

Rictusempra!

GILDEROY LOCKHART

I said disarm only!

DRACO

Serpensortia!

SNAPE

Don't move, Potter.  I'll get rid
of it for you.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Allow me!

HARRY

Leave him!

HARRY

Leave him!

JUSTIN-FINCH-FLETCHLEY

What are you playing at?

RON

Come on.  Move.  Now.

RON

You're a Parselmouth!  Why didn't
you tell us?

HARRY

I'm a what?

HERMIONE

You can talk to snakes.

HARRY

I know.  I mean, I accidentally
set a python on my cousin Dudley
at the zoo once.  But so what?  I
bet loads of people here can do
it.

HERMIONE

No.  They can't.  It's not a very
common gift, Harry.  This is bad.

HARRY

What's bad?  If I hadn't told that
snake not to attack Justin --

RON

Oh, that's what you said to it.

HARRY

You were there!  You heard me!

RON

I heard you speaking Parseltongue.
Snake language.

HARRY

I spoke a different language?  But
I didn't realize -- how can I
speak a language without knowing I
can?

HERMIONE

I don't know, Harry.  But it
sounded like you were egging the
snake on or something.  It was...
creepy.

HERMIONE

Harry, listen out me.  There's a
reason the symbol of Slytherin
house is a serpent.  Salazar
Slytherin was a Parselmouth.  He
could talk to snakes too.

RON

Exactly.  And now the whole
school's going to think you're his
great-great-great grandson or
something.

HARRY

But I'm not.  I... can't be.

HERMIONE

He lived a thousand years ago.
For all we know... you could be.

HARRY

Who am I, Hedwig?  What am I?

ERNIE

So, anyway, I told Justin to hide
up in our dormitory.  I mean to
say, if Potter's marked him down
as his next victim, it's best he
keep a low profile for a while.

HANNAH

But why would he want to attack
Justin?

ERNIE

Justin let it slip to Potter that
he was Muggle-born.

HANNAH

And you definitely think Potter's
the Heir of Slytherin?

ERNIE

Hannah, he's a Parselmouth.
Everyone knows that's the mark of
a dark wizard.  Have you ever
heard of a decent one who could
talk to snakes?  They called
Slytherin himself Serpent-tongue.
Remember what was written on the
wall:  Enemies of the Heir Beware.
Potter had some sort of run-in
with Filch.  Next thing we know,
Filch's cat's attacked.  That
first-year Creevey's been annoying
Potter.  Then Creevey's attacked.

HANNAH

He always seems so nice, though.
And, after all, he is the one who
made You Know Who disappear.

ERNIE

That's probably why You Know Who
wanted to kill him in the first
place.  Didn't want another Dark
Lord competing with him.

HAGRID

All  righ', Harry?

HARRY

Hagrid... what're you doing
here?

HAGRID

Second one killed this term.
Reckon it's either foxes or a
Blood-Suckin' Bugbear.  Need
Dumbledore's permission ter put a
charm round the hen-coop.  Yeh
sure yeh're all righ', Harry?  Yeh
look all hot an' bothered.

HARRY

It's nothing.  I'd better get
going.  I've got a lot of
studying...

HARRY

Professor, I swear I didn’t --

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

This is out of my hands, Potter.
Mr. Filch, will you take care of
this, please?

FILCH

Caught in the act.  I'll have you
out this time, Potter.  Mark my
words...

FILCH

Dark magic.  That's what you've
got, Potter.  Even the air you
breathe comes out poison.  You're
evil.  Evil as they come...

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Sherbet lemon.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Professor Dumbledore will be
waiting for you.

SORTING HAT

Bee in your bonnet, Potter?

HARRY

Well, you see, I was wondering...

SORTING HAT

If I put you in the right house?
Yes... you were particularly
difficult to place.  But I stand
by what I said last year... you
would have done well in Slytherin.

HARRY

You're wrong!

HARRY

Professor, your bird... I couldn't
do anything... He just caught
fire.

DUMBLEDORE

About time too.  He's been looking
dreadful for days.  Pity you had
to see him on a Burning Day.  He's
really very handsome most of the
time.
Fawkes is a phoenix, Harry.
Phoenixes burst into flame when it
is time for them to die and are
reborn from the ashes.

DUMBLEDORE

Fascinating creatures, phoenixes.
They can carry immensely heavy
loads, their tears have healing
powers, and they make highly
faithful pets.

HAGRID

It wasn't Harry, Professor
Dumbledore!

DUMBLEDORE

Hagrid --

HAGRID

I was talkin' ter 'im jus' before
that kid was found.  It can't've
bin 'im!

DUMBLEDORE

Hagrid --

HAGRID

I'll swear ter it in front o' the
Ministry o' Magic --

DUMBLEDORE

HAGRID!  I do not think that Harry
has attacked anyone.

HAGRID

Oh.  Right.  I'll wait outside
then.

HARRY

You don't think it was me,
Professor?

DUMBLEDORE

No, Harry.  But I must ask you...
is there anything you'd like to
tell me.  Anything at all?

HARRY

No, Professor.  Nothing.

FRED

Make way for the Heir of
Slytherin!  Seriously evil wizard
coming through!

RON

Oh, c'mon, Harry.  Fred's just
having a laugh.

HARRY

He's the only one.

RON

Okay, so half the school thinks
you're nipping off to the Chamber
of Secrets every night.  Who
cares?

HARRY

Maybe they're right.

HERMIONE

Harry!

HARRY

I didn't know I could speak
Parseltongue.  What else don't I
know about myself?  Maybe you can
do something... even something
horrible... and not know you did
it.

HERMIONE

You don't believe that, Harry, I
know you don't.  And if it makes
you feel better, I just heard
Malfoy's staying over for holiday,
too.

RON

Why would that make anyone feel
better?

HERMIONE

Because, in a few days, the
Polyjuice Potion's will be ready.
In a few days... we may truly know
who is the Heir of Slytherin.

HERMIONE

Everything's set.  We just need a
bit of who you're changing into.

HARRY

Crabbe and Goyle.

HERMIONE

And we also need to make sure that
the real Crabbe and Goyle can't
burst in on us while we're
interrogating Malfoy.

RON

How?

HERMIONE

I've got it all worked out.  I've
filled these with a simple
Sleeping Draught.  Simple, but
powerful.

HERMIONE

You know how greedy Crabbe and
Goyle are.  They won't leave the
Christmas Feast until every last
drop of trifle is gone.
Now, once they're asleep, hide
them in a broom cupboard and pull
out a few of their hairs.

RON

And whose hair are you ripping out?

HERMIONE

I've already got mine.

HERMIONE

Millicent Bulstrode.  She's in
Slytherin.  I got this off her
robes.
All right then... I'm going to
check on the Polyjuice Potion.

HERMIONE

Remember.  Just make sure Crabbe
and Goyle find these.

RON

Have you ever heard of a plan
where so many things could go
wrong?

HERMIONE

Did you get it?

HERMIONE

I sneaked those out of the
laundry.

HERMIONE

I'm sure I've done everything
right.  It looks like the book
said it should.  Once we've drunk
it, we'll have exactly one hour
before we change back into
ourselves.

RON

Now what?

HERMIONE

We separate it into three glasses
and add the hairs.

RON

Ugh.  Essence of Crabbe...

RON

Think I'm gonna be sick...

RON

Harry?

HARRY

Ron?

RON

Bloody hell.

HARRY

We still sound like ourselves.
You need to sound more like
Crabbe.

RON

Bloody hell.

HARRY

Lower.

RON

Bloody hell.

HARRY

Less intelligent.

RON

Bloody hell.

HARRY

Excellent.

RON

Hey... Where's Hermione?

HERMIONE 

I -- I don't think I'm going.  You
go on without me.

HARRY

Hermione, are you okay?

HERMIONE 

Just go!  You're wasting time!

RON

Don't swing your arms like that.
Crabbe holds them sort of stiff.

RON

Yeah.  That's better.

RON

What are you doing here?

RON

What are you doing here?

PERCY

I happen to be a prefect.  You, on
the other hand, have no business
wandering the corridors at night.
It's not safe these days.

PERCY

What're your names again?

DRACO

Crabbe.  Goyle.  Where have you
been?  Pigging out in the Great
Hall all this time?

DRACO

And what are you doing down here,
Weasley?

PERCY

Mind your attitude, Malfoy.  You
want to show a little bit more
respect to a school Prefect!

DRACO

Come on, boys.  Weasley thinks
he's going to catch Slytherin's
hair single-handed.

DRACO

Listen to this...

DRACO

'Arthur Weasley, Head of the
Misuse of Muggle Artefacts Office,
was today fined fifty Galleons for
bewitching a Muggle car.  "Weasley
has brought the Ministry into
disrepute," said Lucius Malfoy, a
governor of Hogwarts.  "He is
clearly unfit to draw up our laws
and his ridiculous Muggle
Protection Act should be scrapped
immediately."'

DRACO

Arthur Weasley loves Muggle so
much he should snap his wand in
half and go join them.  You'd
never know the Weasleys were
purebloods, the way they behave.
Embarrassment to the wizarding
world.  All of them.

DRACO

What's up with you, Crabbe?

RON

Stomachache.

DRACO

Well, go to the hospital wing
and give all those Mudbloods a kick
in the arse for me!  You know, I'm
surprised The Daily Prophet hasn't
reported all these attacks yet.  I
suppose Dumbledore's trying to hush
it all up.  He'll be sacked if it
doesn’t stop soon.  Father always
said Dumbledore's the worst thing
that's ever happened to this place.

HARRY

You're wrong!

DRACO

What?  Did you say that I was
wrong?  You think there's someone
here who's worse than Dumbledore?

HARRY

Harry Potter.

DRACO

Good one, Goyle.  You're
absolutely right.  Saint Potter.
He's another one with no proper
wizard feeling, or he wouldn't go
around with that Mudblood Granger.
And people actually think he's the
Heir of Slytherin.

HARRY

Then you must have some idea who's
behind it all?

DRACO

You know I haven't, Goyle.  How
many times do I have to tell you?
But my father did say this much:
It's been fifty years since the
Chamber was opened.  He wouldn't
tell me who opened it -- only that
they were expelled -- but I know
this:  the last time the Chamber
of Secrets was opened, a Mudblood
died.
So it's only a matter of time
before one of them's killed this
time.  As for me... I hope it's
Granger.

DRACO

What's the matter with you two?
You're acting very... odd.

RON

Ho!

DRACO

Hey!  Where are you going?

RON

That was close!

HARRY

Hermione, come out.  We've got
loads to tell you!

HERMIONE

Go away!

MOANING MYRTLE

Ooh, wait till you see.  It's
awful!

HERMIONE 

Do you remember me telling you the
Polyjuice Potion was only for
human transformations...?

HERMIONE

It was cat hair I plucked off
Millicent Bulstrode's robes!  Look
at my face!

RON

Look at your tail.

HERMIONE

Oh, good.  Put those anywhere.

RON

Madam Pince asked that we relay a
message to you, Hermione:  She'd
appreciate it if you'd leave a few
books for the rest of the school.

HERMIONE

I've got to keep up, haven't I?

RON

Is that thing ever going away?

HERMIONE

Any day now, according to Madam
Pomfrey.  I'm just thankful I've
stopped coughing up fur balls.

RON

We all are, believe me.

HERMIONE

Now.  What about the Chamber of
Secrets?  Any new leads?

HARRY

Nothing.

HERMIONE

And has it gotten any better?  I
mean... is anyone speaking to you?

HARRY

Neville asked to borrow a tubeworm
in Potions yesterday.  I suppose
that's something.

RON

'To Miss Granger.  Wishing you a
speedy recovery, from your
concerned teacher Gilderoy
Lockhart.'  You sleep with this
under your pillow?

HERMIONE

Of course not.  I don't know how
that got there.  Now go.  I still
have six hundred pages to read in
Transformation Through the Ages.

RON

I know Hermione's mental, but can
you believe she falls for that
smarmy nonsense of Lockhart's?

HARRY

Looks like Myrtle's flooded the
bathroom.

RON

Yuck.

MOANING MYRTLE

Come to throw something else at
me?

HARRY

Why would I throw something at
you?

MOANING MYRTLE

Don’t ask me.  Here I am, minding
my own business, and someone
thinks it's funny to throw a book
at me...

RON

But it can't hurt if someone
throws something at you.  I mean,
it'd just go right through you,
wouldn't it?

MOANING MYRTLE

Oh sure!  Let's all throw books at
Myrtle, because she can't feel it!
Ten points if you can get it
through her stomach.  Fifty points
if it goes through her head!

HARRY

Who threw it at you anyway?

MOANING MYRTLE

I don't know.  I didn't see them.
I was just sitting in the U-bend,
thinking about death and it fell
through the top of my head.

RON

Fifty points if you can get it
through her nose.

MOANING MYRTLE

I heard that!

HARRY

This is a diary.  And it's old...

RON

It's a diary, it's old... and was
most recently in a toilet, Harry.

RON

Are you mad?  That could be
cursed.  Dad once told me about a
book the Ministry confiscated that
burned the eyes out of anyone who
tried to read it.

HARRY

I'll take my chances...
Ahhh!  MY EYES!  MY EYES!

HARRY

Ginny!  I was only joking --
Brilliant.  Even your sister
thinks I'm the monster now.

RON

Who doesn't?

RON

Tin Marvolo Riddle?  Hang on.  I
know that name...
Of course!  The night I had
detention... My job was to polish
the silver in the trophy room.  I
remember because I kept burping
slugs all over Tom Riddle's
trophy.  I must have wiped slime
off his name for an hour.

HARRY

That's odd.  He never wrote in it.

HERMIONE

Tom Riddle... Hm.  And Ron said he
won an award fifty years ago?

HARRY

Special Services to the School or
something --

HERMIONE

Fifty years ago?  You're sure?

HARRY

Yes.  Why?

HERMIONE

Don't you remember what Malfoy
told you?  The last time the
Chamber of Secrets was opened
was --

HARRY

Fifty years ago!  That means --

HERMIONE

Tom Riddle was here, at Hogwarts,
when it happened.  What if he
wrote about what he saw?  It's
possible he knew where the Chamber
was, how to open it, even what
sort of creature lives in it.  If
so, whoever's behind the attacks
this time wouldn't want a diary
like this lying around, would
they?

HARRY

That's a brilliant theory,
Hermione.  With just one tiny
little flaw.  There's nothing
written in this diary.

HERMIONE

It might be invisible ink.
Aparecium!

HERMIONE

I don't know, Harry.  But I think
you should be careful with this.
Something tells me Ron might be
right.  It could be dangerous.

HARRY

You don't think I'm dangerous, do
you, Hermione?  I mean, you're not
scared.  Of me.

HERMIONE

I'm scared, Harry.  But not of
you.

HARRY

Do... you... know... anything...
about... the... Chamber... of...
Secrets?

HARRY

Can... you... tell... me?

HARRY

Excuse me.  Could you tell me
where I am?  Hello...?

VOICE 

Riddle.

TOM RIDDLE

Professor Dumbledore.

DUMBLEDORE

It's not wise to be wandering
around this late, Tom.

TOM RIDDLE

Yes, Professor.  I suppose I -- I
just had to see for myself, if...

TOM RIDDLE
... the rumors were true.

DUMBLEDORE

I'm afraid they are, Tom.

TOM RIDDLE

About the school as well?  They
wouldn't really close Hogwarts,
would they, Professor?

DUMBLEDORE

Headmaster Dippet may have no
choice, I'm afraid.

TOM RIDDLE

Sir?  If it all stopped.  If the
person responsible was caught...

DUMBLEDORE

Is there something you wish to
tell me, Tom?

TOM RIDDLE

No, sir.  Nothing.

DUMBLEDORE

Very well then.  Hurry along.

VOICE 

C'mon, Aragog.  Gotta get yeh
outta here... C'mon now.. in the
box...

TOM RIDDLE

Evening, Hagrid.

TOM RIDDLE

I'm going to have to turn you in,
Hagrid.  I don't think you meant
it to kill anyone --

HAGRID

No, yeh can't!  Yeh don'
understand!

TOM RIDDLE

Hagrid.  The dead girl's parents
will be here tomorrow.  The least
Hogwarts can do is make sure the
thing that killed their daughter
is slaughtered.

HAGRID

It wasn' him!  Aragog never'd kill
no one!  Never!

RIDDLE

Monsters don't make good pets,
Hagrid.  Now... stand aside...

HAGRID

Noooooo!

HARRY

Ron!  Ron!

RON

What?  What's happened...?

HARRY

It was Hagrid.  Hagrid opened the
Chamber of Secrets fifty years ago.

HERMIONE

It can't be Hagrid.  It just can't
be.

RON

We don't even know this Riddle.
He sounds like a dirty, rotten
snitch to me.

HARRY

The monster had killed someone,
Ron.  What would any of us done?

HERMIONE

Look.  Hagrid's our friend.  Why
don't we just go ask him about it?

RON

That'd be a cheerful visit.
Hullo, Hagrid.  Tell us, have you
been setting anything mad and
hairy loose in the castle lately?

HAGRID

Mad an' hairy?  Wouldn' be talkin'
'bou me, now would yeh?

HERMIONE

No!

HARRY

What's that you've got, Hagrid?

HAGRID

Flesh-Eatin' Slug Repellent.  Fer
the Mandrakes, yeh know.
Accordin' ter Professor Sprout,
they still got a bit o' growin' up
ter do, but once their acne clears
up, we'll be able to chop 'em up,
stew 'em, an' get those people in
the hospital un-Petrified.  'Til
then, you three best watch
yerselves, all righ'?

NEVILLE

Harry, I don't know who did it,
but... you'd better come.

HERMIONE

It had to be a Gryffindor.  Nobody
else knows our password.  Unless,
it wasn't a student...

RON

Well, whoever it was, they were
looking for something.

HARRY

And they found it... Tom Riddle's
diary is gone.

RON

Hey, Ginny!  Going to the match?

RON

I tell you, she gets weirder and
weirder by the day...

VOICE 

Kill this time... Let me rip...
Tear.

RON

No... don't tell me...

HERMIONE

Harry... I think I've just understood
something!  I've got to go to the
library!

HARRY

What do you understand!

HARRY

The library?

RON

That's Hermione.  When in doubt,
go to the library

WOOD

Listen up now.  We play our game,
Hufflepuff doesn't stand a chance.
We're stronger, quicker, smarter.

GEORGE

Not to mention they're dead
terrified Harry'll Petrify them if
they fly anywhere near him.

WOOD

That, too.

WOOD

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL --

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

This match has been cancelled.

WOOD

Cancelled!  They can't cancel
Quidditch --

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Silence, Wood!  You will return to
Gryffindor Tower now.  Potter, you
and I will find Mr. Weasley.
There's something the both of you
need to see.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

I warn you.  This will be a bit of
a shock.

RON

Hermione!

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

She was found near the library.
Along with this.  Does it mean
anything to either of you?

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

All students will return to their
house common rooms by six o'clock
in the evening.  You will be
escorted to each lesson by a
teacher.  No exceptions.
I should tell you all this.
Unless the culprit behind these
attacks is caught, it is likely
that the school will be closed.

NEVILLE

Haven't any of the teachers
noticed that the Slytherins are
all safe?  Isn't it obvious all
this stuff's coming from
Slytherin?  The Heir of Slytherin,
the monster of Slytherin -- why
don't they just chuck all the
Slytherins out?

SEAMUS

They can't close Hogwarts.  Where
would we all go?

DEAN THOMAS

I don't care what anyone says.  As
long as Dumbledore's here,
Hogwarts will be here.

HARRY

We've got to talk to Hagrid, Ron.
I can't believe it's him.  But if
he did set the monster loose last
time -- even by accident -- he'll
know how to get inside the Chamber
of Secrets.  And that's a start.

RON

But you heard McGonagall.  We're
not allowed to leave the tower
except for class --

HARRY

I think it's time to get my Dad's
old Cloak out again.

HAGRID

Who's there?

HARRY

What's that for?

HAGRID

Nothin', nothin'.  I've been
expectin'... Doesn't matter.  Sit
down... I'll make tea...

HARRY

Are you okay?  Hagrid?  Did you hear about Hermione?

HAGRID

Oh, yea.  I heard, all righ'.

HARRY

Look... we have to ask you
something.  Do you know who’s
opened the Chamber of Secrets?

HAGRID

C-come in.

DUMBLEDORE

Good evening, Hagrid.

RON

That's Dad's boss!  Cornelius
Fudge.  The Minister of Magic!

FUDGE

Bad business, Hagrid.  Very bad
business.  Had to come.  Four
attacks on Muggle-borns.
Things've gone far enough.
Ministry's got to act.

HAGRID

I never... You know I never,
Professor Dumbledore, sir...

DUMBLEDORE

I want it understood, Cornelius,
that Hagrid has my full
confidence.

FUDGE

Look, Albus, Hagrid's record's
against him.  I've got to take
him.

HAGRID

Take me?  Where?  Not Azkaban
prison.

FUDGE

For a short stretch only.  Not a
punishment, Hagrid.  More a
precaution.  If someone else is
caught, you'll be released with a
full apology.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Already here, Fudge?  Good,
good...

HAGRID

What're you doin' here!  Get outta
my house!

LUCIUS MALFOY

My dear man, please believe me, I
have no pleasure at all in being
inside your -- do you call this a
house?  I simply called at the
school and was told the Headmaster
was here.

DUMBLEDORE

And what exactly did you want with
me, Lucius?

LUCIUS MALFOY

Dreadful thing, Dumbledore, but
the governors feel it's time for
you to step aside.  This is an
Order of Suspension.  You'll find
all twelve signatures on it.  I'm
afraid we feel you're losing your
touch.  What with all these
attacks, there'll be no Muggle-
borns left at Hogwarts.  And we
all know what an awful loss that
would be.

FUDGE

Now, see here, Lucius.  Dumbledore
suspended.  No, no... last thing
we want right now... If Dumbledore
can't stop these attacks... I mean
to say, who can?

LUCIUS MALFOY

That remains to be seen, but as
all twelve governors have voted --

HAGRID

An' how many did yeh have ter
threaten before they agreed!

LUCIUS MALFOY

I would advise you not to shout at the Azkaban guards like that.

HAGRID

Yeh can take Dumbledore!  Take him
away an' the Muggle-borns won'
stand a chance!  There'll be
killin's next!

DUMBLEDORE

Calm yourself, Hagrid!
If the governors want my removal,
Lucius, I shall of course step
aside.  However... you will find
that I will only truly have left
this school when none here are
loyal to me.  You will also find
that help will always be given at
Hogwarts to those who... ask for
it.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Admirable sentiments.  We shall
all miss your highly individual
way of running things, Albus, and
only hope your successor will
manage to prevent any more, um,
killin's.

HAGRID

If anyone wanted ter find out some
stuff, all they'd have ter do is follow the spiders.  That'd lead
'em right!  Tha's all I'm sayin'.

RON

Hagrid's right.  With Dumbledore
gone, there'll be an attack a day.

HARRY

Look...
C'mon.

RON

What are you doing?

HARRY

You heard Hagrid.  Follow the
spiders.

RON

They're heading into the Dark
Forest.

RON

Why spiders.  Why couldn't it be
'Follow the butterflies'?

HARRY

There's something moving over
there... something big.

RON

Harry!... Harry, it's our car!

HARRY

It's been here all the time!  Look
at it.  The Forest has turned it
wild.

HARRY

C'mon, we don't want to lose the
trail.

RON

I don't have a good feeling about
this, Harry --

HARRY

Don't panic.

ARAGOG

You do not come from the forest.
Your hearts beat like... men.

HARRY

Yes.  We're friends of Hagrid's.
And you... you're...
... Aragog, aren't you?

ARAGOG

Hagrid has never sent men into our
hollow before.

HARRY

He's in trouble.  Up at school,
there've been attacks.  They think
it's Hagrid.  They think he's
opened the Chamber of Secrets.
Like before.

ARAGOG

That's a lie!  Hagrid never opend
the Chamber of Secrets!

HARRY

But if Hagrid never... that
means... you're not the monster.

ARAGOG

The monster was born in the
castle.  I came from a distant
land, in the pocket of a traveler.

RON

Harry...

HARRY

Shhh!
But if you're not the monster,
what did kill that girl fifty
years ago?

ARAGOG

We do not speak of it!  It is an
ancient creature we spiders fear
above all others.

HARRY

But have you seen it?

ARAGOG

I never saw any part of the castle
but the cupboard in which Hagrid
kept me.  The girl was discovered
in a bathroom.  When I was
accused, Hagrid brought me here.

HARRY

What!

HARRY

Well... thank you.  We'll just
go...

ARAGOG

Go?  I think not.  My sons and
daughters do not harm Hagrid, on
my command.  But I cannot deny
them fresh meat when it wanders so
willingly into our midst.
Goodbye, friend of Hagrid.

RON

Can we panic now?

RON

Nice knowing you.

HARRY

Let's go!

HARRY

The windows! Roll up the windows!

RON

I can't!  It's stuck!

RON

Thanks for that.

HARRY

Don't mention it.

HARRY

That way!  It's the only way out!
Hurry!  They're catching up!

HARRY

Can you get us in the air?

RON

Flying gear's jammed!

RON

'Follow the spiders'!  Follow the
spiders'!  If he ever gets out of
Azkaban, I'll kill Hagrid.  I
mean, what was the point of
sending us in there?  What have we
found out?

HARRY

We know one thing.  Hagrid never
opened the Chamber of Secrets.  He
was innocent.

MADAM POMFREY

There's no point in talking to a
petrified person.  She won't hear
a word you're saying.

RON

We know that, Madam Pomfrey.  It's
just, well, you see, we thought,
maybe, we could... be with her for
a bit.  She's our... friend, you
see, and... even if she can't hear
us... I mean, it can't hurt, can
it?

MADAM POMFREY

Very well then.  But be quick
about it.

RON

You don't think Lockhart could be
the heir of Slytherin, do you?
Right.  Forget I said it.

HARRY

Wish you were here, Hermione.  We
need you.  Now more than ever...

HARRY

'Of the many fearsome beasts that
roam our land, none is more deadly
than the Basilisk.  Capable of
living for hundreds of years,
instant death awaits any who meet
this giant serpent's eye.  Spiders
flee before it and only the
crowing of the rooster can kill
it.'
Ron!  This is it!  The monster in
the Chamber of Secrets is a
Basilisk.  That's why I can hear
it speak.  It's a snake.

RON

But it kills by looking people in
the eye.  Why is it no one's dead?

HARRY

Because no one did look it in the
eye.  Not directly at least...
Colin saw it through his camera.
Justin -- Justin must've seen the
Basilisk through Nearly Headless
Nick!  Nick got the full blast of
it, but he's a ghost -- he
couldn't die again...
... And Hermione... had the
mirror!  I bet you anything she
was using it to look round
corners, in case it came along.

RON

And Mrs. Norris?  I'm pretty sure
she didn't have a camera or a
mirror, Harry.

HARRY

The water... there was water on
the floor that night.  She only
saw the Basilisk's reflection...
The crowing of the rooster is
fatal to it!  That's why Hagrid's
roosters were killed!  Spiders
flee before it!  It all fits!

RON

But how's the Basilisk been
getting around?  A dirty great
snake.  Someone would have seen...

HARRY

Hermione answered that too.

RON

Pipes...?  It's using the
plumbing.

HARRY

Remember what Aragog said?  About
that girl fifty years ago?  She
died in a bathroom.  What if she
never left.

RON

Moaning Myrtle!

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL 

All students are to return to
their house dormitories at once.
All teachers to the second floor
corridor.  Immediately.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

As you can see, the Heir of
Slytherin has left another
message.  Our worst fear has been
realized.  A student has been
taken by the monster.  Into the
Chamber itself.
I'm afraid we shall have to send
the students home.  I'm afraid...
this is the end of Hogwarts.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

So sorry.  Dozed off.  What have I
missed?

SNAPE

Just the man.  A girl has been
snatched by the monster, Lockhart.
Your moment has come at last.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

My m-moment?

SNAPE

Weren't you saying just last night
that you've known all along where
the entrance to the Chamber of
Secrets is?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

D-did I?  I don't recall...

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

That settles it.  We'll leave it
to you to deal with the monster,
Gilderoy.  Your skills, after all,
are legend.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

V-very well.  I'll -- I'll be in
my office, getting -- getting
ready.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

The rest of us should go and
inform the students what has
happened.

PROFESSOR SPROUT

Who is it the monster's taken,
Minerva?

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Ginny Weasley.

RON

She knew something, Harry.  She'd
found out something about the
Chamber of Secrets.  That's why
she was taken.  I mean, she was --
is -- a pure-blood.  There can't
be any other reason.

HARRY

C'mon.  Let's go see Lockhart.  He
may be a brainless git, but he's
going to try and get into the
Chamber.  We can tell him what we
know...

RON

Harry.  D'you think there's any
chance at all she's not, you
know --

HARRY

We'll find her, Ron.  Ginny's
going to be fine.

HARRY

Professor, we've got some
information for you --

HARRY

Are you going somewhere?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Um, well, yes.  Urgent call.
Unavoidable.  Got to go...

RON

What about my sister?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Well, as to that -- most
unfortunate.  No one regrets more
than I --

RON

You're the Defense Against the
Dark Arts teacher!  You can't go
now!

GILDEROY LOCKHART

I must say, when I took the job,
nothing in the job description --

HARRY

You're running away?  After all
that stuff you did in your books?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Books can be misleading.

HARRY

You wrote them!

GILDEROY LOCKHART

My dear boy, do use your common
sense.  My books wouldn't have
sold half as well if people didn't
think I'd done all those things.
No one wants to read about some
ugly old Armenian warlock, even if
he did save a village from
werewolves.  He'd look dreadful on
the front cover.  No dress sense
at all...

HARRY

You're a fraud!  You've just been
taking credit for what a load of
other wizards have done!

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Harry, Harry, Harry.  There was
work involved.  I had to track
these people down and ask them
exactly how they managed to do
what they did.  No, it's not all
book signings and publicity
photos.  You want fame, you have
to be prepared for a long, hard
slog.

RON

Is there anything you can do?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Yes, now that you mention it.  I'm
rather gifted with Memory Charms.
Otherwise, you see, all those
wizards would've gone blabbing and
I'd never have sold another book.
I'm afraid I'll have to do the
same to you both, lest you do the
same.

HARRY

Expelliarmus!

HARRY

Looks like those Dueling Lessons
came in handy after all,
Professor.

MOANING MYRTLE

Who's there?  Oh...
Hello, Harry.  What do you want?

HARRY

To ask you how you died.

MOANING MYRTLE

Oooooh, it was dreadful.  It
happened right here.  In this very
cubicle.  I'd hidden because Olive
Hornby was teasing me about my
glasses.  I was crying, and then I
heard somebody come in.

HARRY

Who was it, Myrtle?

MOANING MYRTLE

I don't know!  I was distraught!
But they said something funny.  A
kind of made-up language.  And I
realized it was a boy speaking.
So I unlocked the door, to tell
him to go away, and... I died.

HARRY

Just like that?  How?

MOANING MYRTLE

No idea.  I just remember seeing a
pair of great big yellow eyes.
Over there...

HARRY

This is it, Ron.  This is the
entrance to the Chamber of
Secrets.

RON

Say something, Harry.  Say
something in Parseltongue.

HARRY

Open up.

RON

English.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Excellent, Harry.  Good work.
Well then.  I'll just be going.
There's no need for me...

HARRY

Oh, yes there is.  You first.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Now, boys.  What good will it do?

RON

A bloody lot of good if it's a
two-hundred-foot drop onto jagged
rocks.

GILDEROY LOCKHART 

It's really quite filthy down
here.

HARRY

All right.  Let's go.

MOANING MYRTLE

Oh, Harry... if you die down
there, you're welcome to share my
toilet.

HARRY

Thanks, Myrtle.

HARRY

Lumos!

HARRY

Remember.  Any sign of movement,
close your eyes straight away.

RON

What's that?  Up ahead?

GILDEROY LOCKHART

That looks like a... snake.

HARRY

Maybe it's asleep.

RON

Bloody hell.  Whatever shed this
must be twenty feet long.  Or
more.

RON

Heart of a lion, this one.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

The adventure ends here, boys!
But don't fret.  The world will
know our story.  How I was too
late to save the girl.  How you
two tragically lost your minds at
the sight of her mangled body.
I'll even bind a limited edition
in this snake skin.  Say goodbye
to your memories.
Obliviate!

HARRY

Ron?  Are you okay?

RON

I'm okay.  This git's not, though.
He got blasted by my wand.

RON

What now?

HARRY

Wait here.  I'll go on.  I'll go
on and... find Ginny.  If I'm not
back in an hour...

RON

I'll try and shift some of this
rock.  So you can get back
through.  And, Harry --

HARRY

See you in a bit.

HARRY

Open.

HARRY

Ginny!  Please don't be dead.
Ginny!  Wake up!  Wake up!

TOM RIDDLE

She won't wake.

HARRY

Tom... Tom Riddle?  What d'you
mean, she won't wake?  She's
not...

TOM RIDDLE

She's still alive.  But only just.

HARRY

Are you a ghost?

TOM RIDDLE

A memory.  Preserved in a diary
for fifty years.

HARRY

She's cold as ice.  You've got
to help me, Tom.  There's a
basilisk --

TOM RIDDLE

It won't come until it's called.

HARRY

Give me my wand, Tom.

TOM RIDDLE

You won't be needing it.

HARRY

Listen, we've got to go!  We've
got to save her!

TOM RIDDLE

I'm afraid I can't do that, Harry.
You see, as poor Ginny grows
weaker... I grow stronger.

HARRY

But she's dying!

TOM RIDDLE

Yes.  I'm afraid so.  But then,
she's been in so much pain, poor
Ginny.  She's been writing to me
for months, telling me all her
pitiful worries and woes.  Ginny
poured her soul out to me.  I grew
stronger on a diet of her deepest
fears, her darkest secrets.  I
grew powerful enough to start
feeding Ginny a few secrets, to
start pouring a bit of my soul
back into her...

TOM RIDDLE

Yes, Harry, it was Ginny Weasley
who opened the Chamber of Secrets.

HARRY

No... she couldn't -- she
wouldn't.

TOM RIDDLE

It was Ginny who set the Basilisk
on the Mudbloods and the Squib's
cat.  Ginny who wrote threatening
messages on the walls.

HARRY

But... Why?...

TOM RIDDLE

Because I told her to.  You'll
find that I can be very
persuasive.  Not that she knew
what she was doing.  She was,
shall we say, in a kind of trance.
Still, the power of the diary
began to scare her and she tried
to dispose of it in the girls'
bathroom.  But then, who should
find it... but you.  The very
person I was most anxious to meet.

HARRY

And why did you want to meet me?

TOM RIDDLE

Ginny told me all about you.  I
knew I had to talk to you, meet
you if I could.  So I decided to
show you my capture of that
brainless oaf, Hagrid, to gain
your trust.

HARRY

Hagrid's my friend.  And you
framed him, didn't you?

TOM RIDDLE

It was my word against Hagrid's.
Only Dumbledore seemed to think
Hagrid was innocent.

HARRY

I'll bet Dumbledore saw right
through you.

TOM RIDDLE

I knew it wouldn't be safe to open
the Chamber again while I was
still at school.  So I decided to
leave behind a diary, preserving
my sixteen-year-old self in its
pages, so that one day... I would
be able to lead another to finish
Salazar Slytherin's noble work.

HARRY

Well, you haven't finished it this
time.  In a few hours Mandrake
Draught will be ready and everyone
who was petrified will be all
right again.

TOM RIDDLE

Haven't I told you, that killing
Mudbloods doesn't matter to me
anymore?  For many months now, my
new target has been... you.
Imagine my disappointment when I
learned Ginny had stolen the diary
back from you.

HARRY

Ginny stole the diary from my
room?  But why?

TOM RIDDLE

She was afraid.  Afraid you'd
learn how to work the diary.
Afraid I'd tell you just who it
was that had been strangling all
those roosters.

TOM RIDDLE

Come now, Harry.  Don't look so
disappointed.  Had Ginny succeeded
in destroying the diary, she would
have destroyed me.  And we
couldn't be having this little
talk.  And I have so many
questions for you.

HARRY

Like what?

TOM RIDDLE

Well, how is it that a baby with
no extraordinary magical talent
managed to defeat the greatest
wizard of all time?  How did you
escape with nothing but a scar,
while Lord Voldemort's powers were
destroyed?

HARRY

Why do you care how I escaped?
Voldemort was after your time.

TOM RIDDLE

Voldemort is my past, present and
future.

HARRY

You.  You're the heir of
Slytherin.  You're Voldemort?

TOM RIDDLE

Surely you didn't think I would
keep my filthy Muggle father's
name? No, I fashioned myself a new name,
a name I knew wizards everywhere
would one day fear to speak, when
I became the greatest sorcerer in
the world.

HARRY

Albus Dumbledore is the greatest
sorcerer in the world!

TOM RIDDLE

Dumbledore's been driven out of
this castle by the mere memory of
me.

HARRY

He'll never be gone!  Not as long
as those who remain are loyal to
him!

HARRY

Fawkes.

TOM RIDDLE

This is what Dumbledore sends his
defender!  A songbird and an old
hat!

TOM RIDDLE

Speak to me, Slytherin.

TOM RIDDLE

Let's match the powers of Lord
Voldemort, Heir of Salazar
Slytherin, against the famous
Harry Potter, shall we?

TOM RIDDLE

Kill him!

TOM RIDDLE

Parseltongue won't save you now,
Potter.  The Basilisk only obeys me.

HARRY

Don't look.  Don't look into its eyes.

TOM RIDDLE

Fool!  Think you're safe!  It can
still hear you!

TOM RIDDLE

Yes, Potter.  The process is
nearly complete.  In a few
minutes, Ginny Weasley will be
dead.  And I will cease to be a
memory.  Lord Voldemort will
return.  Very much... alive.

TOM RIDDLE

Remarkable, isn't it?  How quickly
the venom of the Basilisk
penetrates the body?  If you have
any final words, Potter, you'd
best speak them now.  I'd guess
you have little more than a minute
to live.

TOM RIDDLE

So ends the famous Harry Potter.
On his knees in the Chamber of
Secrets.  Defeated at last by the
Dark Lord he so unwisely
challenged.  You'll be back with
your dear Mudblood mother soon,
Harry...

TOM RIDDLE

Funny, isn't it?  The damage a
silly little book can do?
Especially in the hands of a silly
little girl.

TOM RIDDLE

What are you doing?  No.  Stop...

TOM RIDDLE

No!

GINNY

Harry.  It was me!  But I swear, I
didn't mean to... Riddle made me.
He wrote to me... took me over...
I didn't even know whose diary it
was.  I found it inside my
cauldron.  The day we all went to
Diagon Alley and... Harry.  You're
hurt...

HARRY

Ginny.  You need to get yourself
out... Follow the chamber...
You'll find Ron...

HARRY

You were brilliant, Fawkes.  I just... wasn't quick enough.

HARRY

Of course.  Dumbledore told me.
Phoenix tears have healing powers.
It's all right, Ginny.  It's over.
It's just a memory...

RON

Ginny!

RON

You're alive.  I can't believe it.

GINNY

I'm going to be expelled, I just
know it!

RON

Remind you of anyone?

HARRY

Where's Lockhart?

RON

His Memory Charm backfired.
Hasn't got a clue who he is.  I
keep having to stop him wandering
off.  He's a danger to himself.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Hello.  Odd sort of place, this,
isn't it?  Do you live here?

RON

No.

RON

What's with the bird?

HARRY

I think... I think he's telling me
he can take us out of here.

GILDEROY LOCKHART

Amazing!  This is just like magic!

DUMBLEDORE

Ingenious.  Simply... ingenious.
Of course, Tom Riddle was probably
the most brilliant student
Hogwarts has ever seen.  I taught
him myself fifty years ago.  After
he left, I would occasionally hear
stories of his activities -- dark
rumors -- but after awhile, even
the rumors stopped.  When he
finally resurfaced as Lord
Voldemort, most people had
completely forgotten the clever
Head Boy he'd once been.

GINNY

I didn't know whose diary it was,
sir.  I swear.  I found it inside
my cauldron.
The day we all went to Diagon
Alley.

GINNY

But I understand if... given all
the trouble I've caused... if
you!--

DUMBLEDORE

Wiser wizards than you have been
hoodwinked by Lord Voldemort, Miss
Weasley.  No, I think you've
endured enough.  I would suggest a
bit of bed rest, however.  And
perhaps a large mug of hot
chocolate.  I always find that
cheers me up.  Minerva, will you
show Arthur and Molly up to the
hospital wing?

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Certainly, Albus.

MRS. WEASLEY

A diary that writes back to you!
Honestly, Ginny!  What were you
thinking?  Haven't I always told
you?  Never trust anything that
can think for itself if you can't
see where it keeps its brain!

DUMBLEDORE

You two realize, of course, that
in the last few hours, you have
broken perhaps a dozen school
rules?

HARRY

Yes, sir.

RON

Yes, sir.

DUMBLEDORE

And that there is sufficient
evidence to expel you both?

HARRY

Yes, sir.

DUMBLEDORE

Therefore, it seems only
fitting...
That you both receive Special
Awards for Services to the School.
And -- let me see -- yes, I think
two hundred points apiece, which,
I believe, should be more than
enough to secure Gryffindor the
House Cup.

RON

Thank you, sir.

DUMBLEDORE

Now, Mr. Weasley, if you would,
have an owl deliver these release
papers to Azkaban.  We need our
gamekeeper back.

DUMBLEDORE

First, Harry, I want to thank you.
You must have shown me real
loyalty down in the Chamber.
Nothing but that could have called
Fawkes to you.  Secondly, I sense
you're troubled by something.  Am
I right?

HARRY

It's just, you see, sir, I
couldn't help noticing certain
things.  Certain similarities.
Between Tom Riddle and me.

DUMBLEDORE

You can speak Parseltongue, Harry,
because Lord Voldemort can speak
Parseltongue.  Unless I'm much
mistaken, he transformed some of
his own powers to you the night he
gave you that scar.

HARRY

Voldemort put a bit of himself in
me?

DUMBLEDORE

Not intentionally, but... yes.

HARRY

So the Sorting Hat was right.  I
should be a Slytherin.

DUMBLEDORE

It's true, Harry.  You do possess
many of the qualities Voldemort
himself prizes.  Resourcefulness.
Determination.  A certain
disregard for the rules.  Yet the
Sorting Hat placed you in
Gryffindor.

HARRY

Only because I asked it to.

DUMBLEDORE

Exactly.  Which makes you very
different from Voldemort.  It's
not our abilities that show what
we truly are, Harry.  It's our
choices.
If you want proof that you belong
in Gryffindor, Harry, I suggest
you look more closely at this.

HARRY

'Godric Gryffindor.'

DUMBLEDORE

Only a true Gryffindor could have
pulled that out of the Hat.

HARRY

Dobby!  This is your Master?  The
family you serve is the Malfoys!

LUCIUS MALFOY

Out of my way, Potter.
So!  You've returned!

DUMBLEDORE

Yes.  When the governors heard
that Arthur Weasley's daughter had
been taken into the Chamber, they
saw fit to summon me back.
Curiously, several of them seemed
under the impression that you
would curse their families if they
didn't agree to suspend me in the
first place, Lucius.

LUCIUS MALFOY

From the beginning, my only
concern has been the welfare of
this school and its students.
I assume the culprit has been
identified.

DUMBLEDORE

Oh yes.  It was Voldemort.  Only
this time, he chose to act through
someone else.  By means of...
this.

DUMBLEDORE

Fortunately, our young Mr. Potter
discovered it.
One only hopes that no more of
Lord Voldemort's old school things
find their way into innocent
hands.  The consequences for the
one responsible could be...
severe.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Come, Dobby.  We're leaving.

HARRY

Sir?  I wonder if I could have
that.

HARRY

Mr. Malfoy!  I have something of
yours.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Mine?  I don't know what you're
talking about.

HARRY

I think you do, sir.  I think you
slipped it into Ginny Weasley's
cauldron that day in Diagon Alley.

LUCIUS MALFOY

Prove it!

LUCIOUS MALFOY

Dobby, come!  Dobby!

DOBBY

Master has given Dobby a sock.
Master has presented Dobby with
clothes.  Dobby is... free!

LUCIUS MALFOY

What?  I didn't --

LUCIUS MALFOY

You've lost me my servant!

DOBBY

You shall not harm Harry Potter!

LUCIUS MALFOY

Mark my words, Harry Potter.
You'll meet the same sticky end as
your parents one of these days.
They were meddlesome fools too.

DOBBY

Harry Potter freed Dobby!  How can
Dobby ever repay him?

HARRY

Just promise me something.

DOBBY

Anything, sir.

HARRY

Never try to save my life again.

HERMIONE

You solved it!  You solved it!

HARRY

With loads of help from you.

RON

Welcome back, Hermione.

DUMBLEDORE

Before we begin our feast, let's
give a round of applause to
Professor Sprout and Madame
Pomfrey, whose Mandrake Juice has
been successfully administered to
all those who had been petrified.

DUMBLEDORE

Also, in the wake of recent
events, as a school treat, all
exams have been cancelled.

HERMIONE

Oh, no!

HAGRID

Sorry I'm late.  The owl deliverin'
my release papers got all lost 'n
confused.  Some ruddy bird named
Errol.

HAGRID

I jus' want to say... that if it
wasn't fer' you, Harry... you an'
Ron... and Hermione... Well, I
jus' want to say... Thanks.

HARRY

There's no Hogwarts without you,
Hagrid.

