
HARRY

Lumos Maxima...

HARRY

Lumos Maxima...

HARRY

Lumos... MAXIMA!

AUNT PETUNIA

Harry!  Harry!

AUNT PETUNIA

Well, go on.  Open it.

AUNT PETUNIA

Marge!  Welcome!  How was the
train?

AUNT MARGE

Wretched.  Ripper got sick.

AUNT PETUNIA

Ah.  How... unfortunate.

AUNT MARGE

I would've left him with the
others, but he pines so when I'm
away.  Don't you, darling?

HARRY

Uncle Vernon.  I need you to sign
this form.

UNCLE VERNON

What is it?

HARRY

Nothing.  Something for school...

UNCLE VERNON

Later perhaps.  If you behave.

HARRY

I will if she does.

AUNT MARGE

So.  Still here, are you?

HARRY

Yes.

AUNT MARGE

Don’t say 'yes' in that ungrateful
tone.  Damn good of my brother to
keep you, if you ask me.
It'd have been straight to an
orphanage if he'd been dumped on
my doorstep.

AUNT MARGE

Is that my Dudders!  Hm?  Is that
my neffy poo?  Come and say hello
to your Auntie Marge.

UNCLE VERNON

Can I tempt you, Marge?

AUNT MARGE

Just a small one.  A bit more... a
bit more... That's the boy.
Aah.  Excellent nosh, Petunia.
It's normally just a fry-up for
me, what with twelve dogs.

AUNT MARGE

What are you smirking at!  Where
is it that you send him, Vernon?

UNCLE VERNON

St. Brutus's.  It's a first-rate
institution for hopeless cases.

AUNT MARGE

I see.  And do they use the cane
at St. Brutus's, boy?

HARRY

Oh, yes.  I've been beaten loads
of times.

AUNT MARGE

Excellent.  I won't have this
namby-pamby wishy-washy nonsense
about not hitting people who
deserve it.
Still.  Mustn't blame yourself for
how this one's turned out, Vernon.
It all comes down to blood.  Bad
blood will out.  What is it the
boy's father did, Petunia?

AUNT PETUNIA

Nothing.  That is... he didn't
work.  He was -- unemployed.

AUNT MARGE

Of course.  And a drunk,
I expect --

HARRY

That's a lie.

AUNT MARGE

What did you say?

HARRY

My dad wasn't a drunk.

AUNT PETUNIA

Oh my goodness!  Marge!

AUNT MARGE

Not to worry, Petunia.  I have a
very firm grip.

UNCLE VERNON

You go to bed.  Now.

AUNT MARGE

Quiet, Vernon.  It doesn't matter
about the father.  In the end it
comes down to the mother.  You see
it all the time with dogs.  If
there's something wrong with the
bitch, there'll be something wrong
with the pup...

HARRY

Shut up!  Shut up!

UNCLE VERNON

Marge!

UNCLE VERNON

Don't worry!  I've got you...

AUNT MARGE

Vernon.  Don't you dare --

UNCLE VERNON

You bring her back!  You bring her
back and put her right!

HARRY

No!  She deserved what she got!
And you... you keep away from me.

UNCLE VERNON

You're not allowed to do magic out
of school.  They won't have you
now.  You've got nowhere to go.

HARRY

Anywhere's better than here.

HARRY

Aaaah!

STAN SHUNPIKE

Welcome to the Knight Bus.
Emergency transport for the
stranded witch or wizard.  My name
is Stan Shunpike, and I will be
your conductor this evening.

Wha' choo doin' down there?

HARRY

Fell over.

STAN SHUNPIKE

Wha' choo fall over for?

HARRY

I didn't do it on purpose.

STAN SHUNPIKE

Well, come on then.  Let's not
wait for the grass to grow.

STAN SHUNPIKE

Take 'er away, Ern.

STAN SHUNPIKE

Wot you say your name was again?

HARRY

I didn't.

STAN SHUNPIKE

Whereabouts you headin'?

HARRY

The Leaky Cauldron.  That's in
London --

STAN SHUNPIKE

Is it now?  Get that, Ern?  The
Leaky Cauldron.  That's in London.

HARRY

Isn't this a bit... dangerous?

STAN SHUNPIKE

Naah.  Haven't had an accident
in -- what? -- a week is it, Ern?

HARRY

Who is that?  That man.

STAN SHUNPIKE

Who is that?  That's Sirius Black,
that is.  Don' tell me you ne'er
been hearin' o' Sirius Black?

STAN SHUNPIKE

A murderer, he is.  Got 'imself
locked up in Azkaban for it.

HARRY

How'd he escape?

STAN SHUNPIKE

Tha's the question, isn't it?
He's the firs' that's done it.
Gives me the collywobbles thinking
he's out there, though, I'll tell
you that.  Big supporter of You-
Know-'Oo, Black was.  Reckon you
heard o' him.

HARRY

Yeah.  Him I've heard of.

HARRY

This bus.  Don't the Muggles ever...

STAN SHUNPIKE

Them!  Don' listen properly, do
they?  Don' look properly either.
Never notice nuffink, they don'.

TOM

Mr. Potter... at last.

HARRY

Hedwig!

TOM

Right smart bird you've got there,
Mr. Potter.  Arrived only minutes
before yourself.

CORNELIUS FUDGE

I should tell you, Mr. Potter,
earlier this evening your uncle's
sister was located just south of
Sheffield, circling a chimney
stack.  The Accidental Magic
Reversal Department was dispatched
and she's been properly punctured
and
her memory modified.  She has no
recollection of the incident
whatsoever.

CORNELIUS FUDGE

So that's that, and no harm done.
Pea soup?

HARRY

No thank you.  Minister... I don't
understand.  I broke the law.
Underage wizards aren't allowed to
use magic at home --

CORNELIUS FUDGE

Oh, come now, Harry.  The Ministry
doesn't send people to Azkaban for
blowing up their aunts!  On the
other hand... running away like
that... given the state of
things... very, very
irresponsible.

HARRY

'The state of things' sir?

CORNELIUS FUDGE

We have a killer on the loose.

HARRY

Sirius Black, you mean.  But...
what's that got to do with me?

CORNELIUS FUDGE

Hm?  Oh, nothing.  You're safe,
that's what matters.  Tomorrow
you'll be on your way to Hogwarts.
These are your new schoolbooks.
I took the liberty of having them
brought here for you.

CORNELIUS FUDGE

By the way, Harry.  Whilst you're
here it would be best if you
didn't... wander.

YOUNG WITCH

Housekeeping.

YOUNG WITCH

I'll come back later.

RON

I'm warning you, Hermione!  Keep
that bloody beast of yours away
from Scabbers or I'll turn it into
a tea cozy.

HERMIONE

He's a cat, Ronald!  What do you
expect?  It's in his nature.

RON

A cat!  Is that what they told
you?  Looks more like a pig with
hair if you ask me.

HERMIONE

That's rich coming from the owner
of that smelly old shoe brush.

It's all right, Crookshanks.  You
just ignore the mean little boy...

HERMIONE

Harry.

RON

Harry.

HARRY

Egypt!  What's it like?

RON

Brilliant.  It's got loads of old
stuff.  Mummies.  Death masks.
Tombs --

HERMIONE

You know, the ancient Egyptians of
the Nile River delta worshipped
the cat goddess Bast.

RON

I also got a new wand.

GEORGE

Not flashing that clipping about
again, are you, Ron?

RON

I haven't shown anyone!

FRED

No, not a soul.  Unless you count
Tom.  The day maid.  The night
maid.  The cook.  The bloke that
came to fix the toilet.  That
wizard from Belgium...

MRS. WEASLEY

It's good to see you, Harry.

HARRY

Good to see you too, Mrs. Weasley.

ARTHUR WEASLEY

Harry.  I wonder if I might have a
word.

HARRY

Of course, Mr. Weasley.

FRED

George's nose looks positively
massive in that photograph.

GINNY

That's your nose, Fred.

FRED

Bloody hell.  'Tis, isn't it?
Take after your side of the
family, don't I, Mum?

ARTHUR WEASLEY

Harry.  There are some within the
Ministry who would strongly
discourage me from divulging what
I'm about to tell you.  But I
think you need to know the facts.
Because you're in danger.  Grave
danger.

HARRY

Has this anything to do with him,
sir?

ARTHUR WEASLEY

What do you know of Sirius Black,
Harry?

HARRY

That he escaped from Azkaban.
That he killed someone...

ARTHUR WEASLEY

Harry, thirteen years ago, when
you stopped...

HARRY

Voldemort...?

ARTHUR WEASLEY

Black lost everything.  But he
remains a loyal servant to this
day.  In his mind, only you stand
in the way of...

HARRY

Voldemort...?

ARTHUR WEASLEY

Harry, I hate it when you say --

HARRY

I know, sorry.  Ron hates it too.

ARTHUR WEASLEY

In Black's mind, only you stand in
the way of... You-Know-Who
returning to power.  That's why
he's broken.  That's why he's
broken out of Azkaban.  To find
you.  And...

HARRY

Kill me?

ARTHUR WEASLEY

Harry.  I want you to swear
that -- whatever you might hear --
you won't go looking for Black.

HARRY

Mr. Weasley, why would I go looking
for someone who wants to kill me?

ARTHUR WEASLEY

Just watch yourself, will you,
Harry?

MRS. WEASLEY

Ron!

HARRY

I didn't mean to blow her up.  I
just... lost control.

RON

Brilliant!

HERMIONE

Honestly, Ron, it's not funny.
Harry's lucky he wasn't expelled.

RON

I still think it was brilliant.

NEVILLE

Hi, Harry.  Ron.  Hermione.

HARRY

Hi, Neville.

HERMIONE

Hi, Neville.

RON

Hi, Neville.

HERMIONE
C'mon.  We're in here.

RON

Who d'you reckon he is?

HERMIONE

Professor R.J. Lupin.

RON

You know everything.  How is it
she knows everything?

HERMIONE

It's on his case.

HARRY

Is he really asleep?

HERMIONE

Seems to be.  Why?  What is it,
Harry?

HARRY

Close the door.

RON

Let me get this straight.  Sirius
Black escaped from Azkaban to come
after you?

HARRY

Yes.

HERMIONE

But they'll catch Black, won't
they?  I mean... eventually?

RON

Sure -- Of course, no one's ever
broken out of Azkaban before and
he's a raving, murderous
lunatic...

HERMIONE

Why're we stopping?  We can't be
there yet...

RON

What's going on?

HARRY

Dunno... Maybe we've broken down?

HERMIONE

Ouch!  Ron, that was my foot!

RON

There's something moving out
there.  I think... people are
coming aboard.

RON

Bloody hell.  What's happening?

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Don't.  Move.

HERMIONE

Harry?  Harry, are you all right?

HARRY

Thanks.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Chocolate.  Eat.  It'll help.

HARRY

What was that -- that thing?

HARRY

What happened to me?

RON

Well, you sort of went... rigid.
We thought maybe you were having a
fit or something.

HARRY

And did either of you?  You
know... pass out?

RON

No.  I felt... weird.  Like I'd
never be cheerful again.  But...
no.

HARRY

But someone was screaming.  A woman.

HERMIONE

No one was screaming, Harry.

DUMBLEDORE

Welcome!  Welcome to another year
at Hogwarts!  I have a few things
to say, before we become befuddled
by our excellent feast.  I myself
am particularly looking forward to
the flaming kiwi cups, which,
while somewhat treacherous for
those of us with facial hair...

DUMBLEDORE

Mm.  Yes.  First, I'm pleased to
welcome Professor R.J. Lupin, who
has kindly consented to fill the
post of Defense Against the Dark
Arts.  Good luck to you,
Professor.

HERMIONE

Of course!  That's why he knew to
give you the chocolate, Harry.

DUMBLEDORE

As some of you may know, Professor
Kettleburn, our Care of Magical
Creatures teacher for many years,
has decided to retire in order to
spend more time with his remaining
limbs.  Fortunately, I'm delighted
to announce that his place will be
filled by none other than our own
Rubeus Hagrid!

DUMBLEDORE

Finally, on a more disquieting
note, Hogwarts -- at the request
of the Ministry of Magic -- will,
until further notice, play host to
the Dementors of Azkaban.

DUMBLEDORE

The Dementors will be stationed at
the entrances to the grounds.  While
they are under strict orders not to
enter the castle itself, you will on
occasion see them as you go about
your daily activities.  Under no
circumstances are you to approach
them.  It is not in the nature of
a Dementor to be forgiving.

HARRY

Fortuna Major.

RON

Good to be home, eh, Harry?

HARRY

Yeah...

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

Welcome, my children.  In this
room, you shall explore the
mysterious art of Divination.  In
this room, you shall discover if
you possess...

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

... the Sight.  Hello.  I am
Professor Trelawney.  Together, we
shall cast ourselves into the
future.  But know this.  One
either has the Gift or not.  It
cannot be divined from the pages
of a book.  Books only cloud one's
Inner Eye.

HERMIONE

What rubbish.

RON

Where'd you come from?

HERMIONE

Me?  I've been here all along.

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

You, boy!  Is your grandmother
well?

NEVILLE

I... I think so.

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

I wouldn't be so sure of that.
The first term will be devoted to
the reading of tea leaves.  If all
goes well, we will proceed to
palmistry, fire omens, and
finally... the crystal ball.
By the way, dear, beware a red-
haired man.

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

Unfortunately, classes will be
disrupted in February by a nasty
bout of flu.  I myself will lose
my voice.  And in late spring, one
of our number will... leave us
forever.

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

Well then.  Shall we?

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

Broaden your minds, my dears.  And
allow your eyes to see... beyond.

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

A five-leaf clover... You can
expect to wake with a horrible
rash tomorrow morning, dear.
Mr. Longbottom, after you've
broken your first cup...

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

... would you be so kind as to
select one of the blue ones?  I'm
rather partial to the pink.
What do you see in Mr. Potter's
cup, Mr. Weasley?

RON

Well.  He's got a wonky sort of
cross -- that's trials and
suffering.  But this lot here
could be the sun -- that's great
happiness.  So... he's going to
suffer but be very happy about it.

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

Ahhh!

PARVATI

What is it, Professor?

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

My dear boy... You have the Grim.

SEAMUS

The Grin?  What's the Grin?

PARVATI

Not the grin, you idiot.  The Grim.

DEAN THOMAS

But what does it mean, Professor?

LAVENDER

'The Grim...'

LAVENDER

'Taking the form of a giant
spectral dog, it is among the
darkest omens in our world.  It is
an omen... of death.'

HERMIONE

Death omens.  Honestly.  If you
ask me, Divination's a very wooly
discipline.  Now Ancient Runes.
That's a fascinating subject.

RON

Ancient Runes?  Exactly how many
classes are you taking this term?

HERMIONE

A fair few.

RON

Hang on.  Ancient Runes is the
same time as Divination.  You'd
have to be in two classes at once.

HERMIONE

Don't be silly.  How could anyone
be in two classes at once?
Broaden your minds...

HAGRID

C'mon now, get a move on!  Got a
real treat for yeh.  Great lesson
comin' up.  Follow me.

HAGRID

Gather 'round.  Find yerself a spot.
That's it.  Now, firs' thing yeh'll
want ter do is open yer books --

DRACO

And exactly how do we do that?

HAGRID

Crikey.  Didn' yeh know?  All yeh've
got ter do is stroke 'em.  Look --

HAGRID

Righ' then.  So... so... yeh've
got yer books, an' now yeh need
the Magical Creatures.  Right.
So... I'll... I'll go an' get 'em.

DRACO

God, this place is going to the
dogs.  Wait until my father hears
Dumbledore's got this oaf teaching
classes.

HARRY

Listen, you stupid prat --

DRACO

Potter, there's a Dementor behind
you.

HAGRID

Gee up, there!
Beau'iful, isn' he?

RON

Hagrid.  Exactly what is that?

HAGRID

A Hippogriff, o' course.  Now,
firs' thing yeh gotta know is
they're proud.  Easily offended,
Hippogriffs are.  Don't never
insult one, 'cause it migh' be
the las' thing yeh do.  Right
then -- who wants ter come an'
say hello?

Good man, Harry!

HAGRID

HAGRID

Tha's it.  Easy now... stop!  This
here's Buckbeak, Harry.  Yeh want
ter let 'im make the firs' move.
It's polite, see?  Jus' take step
forward, give 'im a bow, and if
Buckbeak bows back, yeh're allowed
ter touch him.  Ready?

HAGRID

Back off, Harry!  Back off!

HAGRID

Well done, Harry!  Go on.  Give
'im a pat.

HAGRID

Look at that!  I reckon he migh'
let yeh ride 'im!

HARRY

Excuse me?

HAGRID

We'll jus' set yeh behind the
wing joint.  Mind yeh don' pull
any feathers out.  He won' like
that.

HAGRID

Off yeh go!

HAGRID

Good work, Harry!
How'm I doin' me firs' day?

HARRY

Brilliant... Professor.

DRACO

Give me a go at that thing.  If
Potter can do it, it must be
easy.  You're not dangerous at
all, are you, you great ugly
brute --

HAGRID

Malfoy!  No!

DRACO

It's killed me!  It's killed
me!

HAGRID

Calm yerself!  Yer fine... jus'
a scratch...

HERMIONE

Hagrid.  He's got to be taken to
a hospital.  I'll go with you,
if you like --

HAGRID

No.  I'm the teacher.  You all...
you all just... Class dismissed!

PANSY

Does it hurt terribly, Draco?

DRACO

It comes and goes.  Still... I
consider myself lucky.  According
to Madam Pomfrey, another minute
or two... and I could've lost the
arm.

RON

The little git.  He's really
laying it on thick, isn't he?

HARRY

At least Hagrid didn't get sacked.

HERMIONE

Yes.  But I hear Draco's father's
furious.  I don't think we've
heard the end of this...

SEAMUS

He's been sighted!

RON

Who?

HERMIONE

Achintee?  That's not far from
here...

NEVILLE

You don't think he'd come to
Hogwarts, do you?

LAVENDER

With the Dementors at every
entrance?

LAVENDAR

Dementors?  He's already slipped
by them once, hasn't he?  Who's
to say he can't do it again?

BEM

That's right.  Black could be
anywhere.  It's like trying to
catch smoke.  Like trying to
catch smoke with your bare
hands.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Intriguing, yes?  Would anyone
like to venture a guess as to
what's inside?

SEAMUS

That's a Boggart, that is.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Very good, Mr. Finnigan. Can
anyone tell us what a Boggart
looks like?

HERMIONE

No one knows.

RON

When'd she get here?

HERMIONE

Boggarts are shape-shifters.
They take the shape of whatever
a particular person fears most.
That's what makes it so --

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Terrifying, yes.  Luckily, a very
simple charm exists to repel a
Boggart.  Let's practice it now,
shall we?  Without wands,
please... Riddikulus!

STUDENTS

Riddikulus!

DRACO

It's this class that's ridiculous.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Good.  So much for the easy part.
You see, the incantation alone
is not enough.  What really
finishes a Boggart off is...
laughter.  You need to force it
to assume a shape you find truly
amusing.  Neville, come up here,
will you?

PROFESSOR LUPIN

What would you say is the thing
that frightens you most?

NEVILLE

Profter... Snafpt...

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Didn't catch that, Neville, sorry.

NEVILLE

Professor Snape.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Hmmm... yes.  Neville, I believe
you live with your grandmother?

NEVILLE

Yes, but I don't want the Boggart
to turn into her either.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

It won't.  But I want you to
picture her clothes, only her
clothes, very clearly in your
mind.  Can you do that?

NEVILLE

She carries a red handbag...

PROFESSOR LUPIN

That's fine.  We don't need to
hear it.  If you see it, we will.
Now, when I open this wardrobe,
Neville, here's what I want you to
do...

PROFESSOR LUPIN

You can do this, Neville.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Right then.  Wand at the ready.
One.  Two.  Three!
Think, Neville.  Think!

NEVILLE

R-r-riddikulus!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Ron!  Forward!

RON

Riddikulus!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Parvati!

PARVATI

Riddikulus!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Mr. Thomas!

DEAN THOMAS

Riddikulus!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Next!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Here!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Riddikulus!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Well done, everyone.  I think
that's enough excitement for today.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Remember!  These visits to
Hogsmeade Village are a privilege.
Should your behavior reflect
poorly on the school in any way,
that privilege shall not be
extended again.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

No permission form.  No visiting
the Village.  That's the rule,
Potter.

HARRY

Yes, Professor, but I thought if
you said I could go --

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

But I don't say so.  A parent or
guardian must sign, and since I am
neither, it would be
inappropriate.
I'm sorry, Potter.  But that's my
final word.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

So.  No Hogsmeade, eh ?

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Well, don't feel too bad.  I was
roundly disappointed the first
time I went.

HARRY

Really?

PROFESSOR LUPIN

No.  I was just trying to make you
feel better.  Honeydukes' sweets
are the best in the world.  Their
Pepper Imps are so strong you
smoke at the ears.  And Zonko's
Joke Shop may be dangerous, but
you can't beat their Stink
Pellets.

HARRY

Not to mention The Shrieking
Shack, which, according to
Hermione, is the most severely
haunted building in Britain.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Yes, that too...

HARRY

Professor, can I ask you
something?

PROFESSOR LUPIN

You'd like to know why I stopped

PROFESSOR LUPIN

But clearly... I was wrong.

HARRY

I did think of Voldemort first.
But then, I remembered that night
on the train... and the
Dementors...

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Well, well.  I'm impressed.  That
suggests that what you fear most
of all is... fear. Very wise.

HARRY

Before I fainted... I heard
something.  A woman.  Screaming.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Dementors force us to relive the
worst memories of our lives.  Our
pain becomes their power.

HARRY

I think it was my mother.  The
night she was murdered.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

The first time I saw you, Harry, I
recognized you immediately.  Not
by your scar.  By your eyes.
They're your mother Lily's.
Yes.  I knew her.  She was there
for me at a time when no one else
was.  We used to talk for hours.
She was not only a singularly
gifted witch but an uncommonly
kind woman.  She had a way of
seeing the beauty in whoever she
met, even -- and perhaps most
especially -- when that person
couldn't see it in themselves...

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Which perhaps explains her
affection for your father.  James
had, shall we say, a certain
talent for trouble.  A gift, rumor
has it, he passed on to you.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

I could tell you stories -- and
there are many about your parents,
Harry -- but know this...
They lived.  Every moment of every
day.  You should know that.
That's how they'd want to be
remembered.

HERMIONE

And the post office!  It's about
200 owls, all sitting on color-
coded shelves, depending on how
fast you want your letter to go!

RON

And Honeyduke's is brilliant!
Sugar Quills, Flaming Whizbees --
and blood-flavored lollipops for
Halloween!

HERMIONE

But, I mean, after awhile, it got
a bit boring.  Don't you think,
Ron?

RON

Huh?  Oh.  Yeah.  Dead depressing.
Hang on.  I almost forgot.  I got
you something wicked at Dervish
and Banges.  It's a Pocket
Sneakoscope.

RON

If there's someone untrustworthy
around, it's meant to light up
and spin.  Mind you, Fred and
George say it's rubbish, sold for
wizard tourists, but I thought,
you know, it can't
hurt, given that...

HARRY

Sirius Black's trying to kill me.

RON

Oh, careful of those, they'll make
your...

RON

Never mind.

RON

What's the hold-up?  Only Neville
ever forgets the password.

PERCY

Let me through, please.  Excuse
me, thank you, I'm Head Boy...

GINNY

The Fat Lady... she's gone.

RON

Probably stuffing her face with
the apples in that still life on
the second floor again.

GINNY

No.  You don't understand --

DUMBLEDORE

Mr. Filch.  Round up the ghosts.
Tell them to search every painting
in the castle for the Fat Lady.

FILCH

There'll be no need for
ghosts, Professor...

DUMBLEDORE

Dear lady.  Who did this to you?

FAT LADY

Eyes like the devil he's got.  And
a soul as dark as his name.  It
was him, Headmaster.  The one they
talk about.  He's here.  Somewhere
in the castle.  Sirius Black.

DUMBLEDORE

Secure the castle, Mr. Filch.  The
rest of you... to the Great Hall.

SNAPE

I've done the dungeons,
Headmaster.  No sign of Black.
Nor anywhere else in the castle.

DUMBLEDORE

I didn't really expect him to
linger.

SNAPE

Remarkable feat, don't you think?
To enter Hogwarts castle on one's
own, completely undetected...

SNAPE

You may recall, prior to the start
of term, I did express my concerns
when you appointed Professor --

DUMBLEDORE

I do not believe a single
professor inside this castle
would have helped Sirius
Black enter it, Severus.

DUMBLEDORE

No... I feel quite confident the
castle is safe.  And I'm more than
willing to let the students return
to their Houses.  But tomorrow.
For now, let them sleep...

DUMBLEDORE

It's astonishing what the body can
endure when the mind allows itself
to rest.

SIR CADOGAN 

What villains are these that
trespass upon my private lands!

SIR CADOGAN

Who dares challenge Sir Cadogan!
Back, you scurvy braggarts!  You
rogues!

SEAMUS

He's barking mad!

DEAN THOMAS

What d'you expect?  After what
happened to the Fat Lady, none of
the other pictures would take the
job.

NEVILLE

But he keeps changing the
password.  Twice just this
morning!  I've taken to keeping a
list.

SIR CADOGAN

Farewell, comrades!  If ever you
have need of noble heart and
steely sinew, call upon Sir
Cadogan!

RON

Yeah, we'll call you... if we ever
need someone mental.

SNAPE

Turn to page 394.

HARRY

Excuse me, sir, but... where's
Professor Lupin?

SNAPE

That's not really your concern, is
it, Potter?  Suffice it to say,
your Professor finds himself
incapable of teaching at the
present time.  Page 394.

RON

Werewolves?

HERMIONE

But, sir, we've only just begun
learning about Red Caps and
Hinkypunks.  We're not meant to
start nocturnal beasts for
weeks

SNAPE

Quiet!

RON

When did she come in?  Did you see
her come in...

SNAPE

Now.  Which of you can tell me the
difference between an Animagus and
a werewolf?

SNAPE

No one?  How... disappointing.

SNAPE

Quiet, Malfoy!  Though one must
admit to feeling your pain.  That
is the second time you have spoken
out of turn, Miss Granger.  Tell
me.  Are you incapable of
restraining yourself?  Or do you
take pride in being an
insufferable know-it-all?

RON

He's got a point, you know.

SNAPE

Five points from Gryffindor!
As a antidote to your ignorance, I
prescribe two rolls of parchment
on the werewolf by Monday morning,
with particular emphasis placed on
recognizing it.
Passing notes, Potter?

SNAPE

If not, I fear you'll perish,
given the weather forecast.  Until
that time, however, you'll forgive
me if I don't let you off
homework.  Should you die, I
assure you... you need not hand it
in.

HARRY

Come on!  Faster!

HERMIONE

No!!!

RON

Looks a bit peaky, doesn't he?

FRED

Peaky?  What d'you expect him to
look like?  He fell fifty feet.

GEORGE

Yeah, c'mon, Ron.  We'll walk you
off the Astronomy Tower and see
how you come out looking.

HARRY

Probably a right sight better than
he normally does.

HERMIONE

Harry!  How're you feeling?

HARRY

Brilliant.

FRED

Gave us a right good scare, mate.

HARRY

What happened?

RON

You fell off your broom.

HARRY

Really?  I meant the match.  Who
won?

HERMIONE

No one blames you, Harry.  The
Dementors aren't meant to come on
the grounds.  Dumbledore was
furious.  After he saved you, he
sent them straight off.

RON

There's something else you should
know, Harry.  Your Nimbus -- when
it blew away? -- it sort of landed
in the Whomping Willow.  And well...

PROFESSOR LUPIN

I'm sorry about your broom, Harry.
There's no chance of fixing it?

HARRY

Why do they affect me so,
Professor?  I mean, more than
everyone else...

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Dementors are among the foulest
creatures that walk this earth.
They feed on every good feeling,
every happy memory, until a person
is left with nothing but his worst
experiences.  You're not weak,
Harry.  The Dementors affect you
most, because there are true
horrors in your past.  Horrors
your classmates can scarcely
imagine.  You have nothing to be
ashamed of.

HARRY

I'm scared, Professor.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

I'd consider you a fool if you
weren't.

HARRY

I need to learn how to fight them.
You could teach me, Professor.
You made that Dementor on the
train go away...

PROFESSOR LUPIN

There was only one that night...

HARRY

But you made it go away.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

I don't pretend to be an expert,
Harry.  But yes, I can teach you.
Perhaps after the holiday.  For
now, though, I need to rest.  I'm
feeling... tired.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Beautiful...

FRED

Clever, Harry.

GEORGE

But not clever enough.

FRED

Besides, we've got a better way.

HARRY

What's this rubbish?

FRED

Rubbish he says.  That there's the
secret to our success.

GEORGE

It's a wrench giving it to you,
believe me.

FRED

But we've decided your need's
greater than ours.  George, if you
will...

GEORGE

I solemnly swear that I am up to
no good.

HARRY

'Messrs Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot
and Prongs are proud to present
The Marauder's Map'...?

GEORGE

Ah... Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot and
Prongs.  We owe them so much.

HARRY

Hang on.  This is Hogwarts!  And
that... No.  Is that really...

FRED

Dumbledore.

GEORGE

In his study.

FRED

Pacing.

GEORGE

Does that a lot.

HARRY

You mean, this map shows...

FRED

Everyone.

HARRY

Everyone?

GEORGE

Everyone.

FRED

Where they are.

GEORGE

What they're doing.

FRED

Every minute.

GEORGE

Of every day.

HARRY

Brilliant!  Where'd you get it?

FRED

Nicked it from Filch's office, of
course, first year.  Now listen.
There's seven secret passageways
out of the castle.  But we'd
recommend... This one.

GEORGE

The One-Eyed Witch on the third
floor.

HARRY

The One-Eyed...

FRED

Witch, right.  But you best hurry.
Filch is heading this way.
Oh.  And, Harry?  When you're
done, make sure to give it a tap
and say, 'Mischief managed.'
Otherwise, anyone can read it.

HARRY

Dissendium?

HARRY

Mischief managed.

WOMAN

A box of Jelly Slugs as well,
Horace.  We're nearly cleared out.

HERMIONE

It's meant to be the most haunted
building in Britain.  Did I
mention that?

RON

Twice.

HERMIONE

Should we move a bit closer?

RON

Huh?  Oh... All right...

RON

Actually, it's fine from here.

HERMIONE

Perfect.

DRACO

Well, well.  Look who's here.  You
two shopping for your dream home?
Seems a bit grand for you, Weasel-
Bee.  Don't your family all sleep
in one room?

RON

Shut your mouth, Malfoy.

DRACO

Now that's not very friendly.
Boys, I think we're going to have
to teach Weasel-Bee to respect his
superiors.

HERMIONE

Hope you don't mean yourself.

DRACO

How dare you speak to me, you
filthy, little mud --

DRACO

Who did that!

DRACO

Well, don't just stand there!

DRACO

Wait a minute, there's something
out here -- Aaaaaaahhhh!!!

HERMIONE

Harry...?  Harry?

RON

Bloody hell, Harry!  That was not
funny!

RON

Those weasels!  Never told me
about any Marauder's Map!

HERMIONE

But Harry isn't going to keep it.
He's going to turn it over to
PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL, aren't you?

RON

Oh sure.  Along with his
invisibility cloak, his pack of
exploding snap cards, his --

HERMIONE

Oh, shut up.

CORNELIUS FUDGE

Rosmerta, m'dear!

HERMIONE

That's Madam Rosmerta.  Ron
fancies her.

RON

It's not true!

HARRY

Shhh.

CORNELIUS FUDGE

I trust business is good?

MADAM ROSMERTA

It'd be a right sight better if
the Ministry wasn't sending
Dementors into my pub every other
night.

CORNELIUS FUDGE

We have a killer on the loose.

MADAM ROSMERTA

Sirius Black?  In Hogsmeade!  And
what would bring him here?

CORNELIUS FUDGE

Harry Potter.

MADAM ROSMERTA

Harry Potter!

HERMIONE

Harry?

RON

He's gone. 

MADAM ROSMERTA

Come on then.  Let's hear it.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Years ago, when Harry Potter's
parents were marked for death,
they went into hiding.  Few knew
where they were.  One who did was
black.  And he told...

MADAM ROSMERTA

You-Know-Who.  I've heard this
rot.  It was all over The Daily
Prophet back in the day.  And I'll
say now what I said then:  Of all
the boys I ran out of here,
Black's the last who would've gone
over to the dark side.  Hearsay.
That's all the Ministry had.
Hearsay.

CORNELIUS FUDGE

Ha!  Tell that to Peter Pettigrew!

MADAM ROSMERTA

Peter Pettigrew?

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Little lump of a boy?  Always
tagging after Black and...

MADAM ROSMERTA

I remember him.  What's he got to
do with it?

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

After the Potters were killed,
Pettigrew went looking for Black.
And, unfortunately... found him.

CORNELIUS FUDGE

Black was vicious.  He didn't kill
Pettigrew.  He destroyed him.  A
finger.  That's all that was left.
A finger -- there's your hearsay.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Sirius Black may not have put his
hands to the Potters, but he's the
reason they're dead.  And now he
wants to finish what he started.

MADAM ROSMERTA

Harry.

CORNELIUS FUDGE

But that's not the worst of it.

MADAM ROSMERTA

What could be worse?

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

This:  Sirius Black was and
remains today... Harry Potter's
godfather.

HARRY

He was their friend.  And he
betrayed them.  He was their
friend.
I hope he finds me.  But when he
does, I'm going to be ready.  When
he does, I'm going to kill him.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

You're sure about this, Harry?
This is very advanced magic.  Well
beyond Ordinary Wizarding Level.

HARRY

If Black can fight the Dementors,
I need to know how too.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Very well.  The spell I'm going to
teach you is called the Patronus
Charm.  Ever hear of it?

PROFESSOR LUPIN

A Patronus is a kind of positive
force.  For the wizard who can
conjure one, the Patronus works
something like a shield.  The
Dementor feeds on it instead of
him.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

But in order for it to work, you
must think of a memory.  And not
just any.  This memory needs to be
a very happy one.  And powerful.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Got something?  Good.  Let it fill
you up.  Lose yourself in it.
Then speak the incantation:
Expecto Patronum.  Without your
wand...

HARRY

Expecto Patronum...

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Right then.  Shall we?

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Concentrate, Harry.
Concentrate...

HARRY

Expecto... Patronum...

HARRY

Expecto... Expecto...

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Here!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Riddikulus!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Quickly.

HARRY

That's one nasty Dementor.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Boggart, Harry.  The real thing
would be much, much worse.  Just
out of interest, what were you
thinking of?  What memory did you
choose?

HARRY

The first time I rode a broom.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

That's not good enough, Harry.
Not nearly.

HARRY

There's another.  It's not happy
exactly.  I mean, it is.  It's the
happiest I've ever felt.  But
it's... complicated.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Is it strong?
Then let's try it.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Just do it!

HARRY

Expecto Patronum!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Riddikulus!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Well done.

HARRY

I think I've had enough.  For
today.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

So you know, Harry:  You'd have
given your father a run for his
money.  And, believe me, that's
saying something.

HARRY

I was thinking of him.  And Mum.
Seeing their faces.  They're just
talking to me.  Just... talking.
That was the memory I chose.  I
don't even know if it's real...

HARRY

But it's the best I have.

RON

Aaaahhhh!

HARRY

Everybody out!

HARRY

Show yourself.

HARRY

Ron!  Ron!

RON

Is he gone?

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

That's preposterous, Weasley.  How
could Sirius Black possibly have
got through the portrait hole?

RON

I don't know how he got in!  I was
a bit busy dodging his knife!

RON

And this bloody cat ate my rat!

HERMIONE

That's a lie!

RON

It is not and you bloody well know it!

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Silence!

DUMBLEDORE

Sir Cadogan.  Is it possible that
you let a mysterious man enter
Gryffindor Tower tonight?

SIR CADOGAN

Certainly, good lady!  He had the
password.  Had the whole week's,
in fact.  On a little piece of
paper.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Which abysmally foolish person
wrote down the passwords and then
proceeded to lose them!

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Is it always going to be you,
Longbottom?

NEVILLE

I'm afraid so, ma'am.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

While we know Sirius Black is gone
tonight, I think you can safely
assume he will, at some future
time, attempt to return.  Let me
be clear.  You are not to move
about the castle alone.  And you
are not to write down the
password!  Understood!

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Very well then.  Go to bed.

HARRY

I could've killed him.

HARRY

I could've killed him.

RON

I find it astonishing that someone
who prides herself on being so
logical can be in such denial.

HERMIONE

Harry.  Will you explain to your
friend Ronald that he has
absolutely no proof whatsoever
that my sweet, unassuming cat ate
his shabby, decidedly decrepit
rat.

RON

Harry was there!  He'll tell you
how it was.  Go on, Harry, tell
her.

HARRY

No, I won't.  Know why?  Because I
don't care about your stupid rat!
I don't care about your stupid
cat!  I've got few other things on
my mind right now!

RON

Really?  Wasn't you had to roll
under the bed last night to avoid
getting cut to ribbons!  A person
could die being your friend,
Harry!

HERMIONE

How'd it go, Hagrid?

HAGRID

Buckbeak liked London.

HERMIONE

I meant the hearing.

HAGRID

Oh.  That.  Well, I got up an'
said my bit -- You know, how
Buckbeak was a good Hippogriff an'
as long as yeh treated 'im with
respect, he'd treat you the same.
Then Lucius Malfoy got up an' said
his bit -- you know, how Buckbeak
was a deadly dangerous beast that
no teacher in their righ' mind
would expose their students to...

HERMIONE

And...?

HERMIONE

You mustn't blame yourself,
Hagrid.

RON

Draco.  It's him the Committee
should punish.  It's him they
should send off to the forest, not
Buckbeak.

HAGRID

Buckbeak's not going back to the
forest...

HERMIONE

Where's he going, Hagrid?

HAGRID

He asked fer the worse, yeh see,
Lucius Malfoy did.  An' the
Committee granted it.  Buckbeak's
bin sentenced ter death.

HARRY

I solemnly swear that I am up to
no good.

HARRY

Mischief managed!

SNAPE

Potter.  What're you doing
wandering the corridors at night?

HARRY

I was... I was... sleepwalking...

SNAPE

How extraordinarily like your
father you are, Potter.  He, too,
was exceedingly arrogant.
Strutting about the castle --

HARRY

My dad didn’t strut.  Nor do I.
Now, if you don't mind, I'd
appreciate you lowering your wand.

SNAPE

Turn out your pockets.

SNAPE

Turn out your pockets!

SNAPE

And this.  What might it be?

HARRY

Spare bit of parchment...

SNAPE

Really...
Reveal your secret!

SNAPE

Read it.

HARRY

'Messrs. Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot
and Prongs offer their compliments
to Professor Snape and...'

SNAPE

Go on.

HARRY

'... and request that he keep his
abnormally large nose out of other
people's business.'

SNAPE
Why you insolent little --

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Professor...?

SNAPE

Well, well.  Lupin.  Out for a little
walk in the moonlight, are we?

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Harry?  You all right?

SNAPE

That remains to be seen.  I've
just now confiscated a rather
curious artifact from Mr. Potter.
Take a look, Lupin.  This is
supposed to be your area of
expertise.

SNAPE

Clearly, it's full of Dark Magic.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

I seriously doubt that, Severus.
It looks to me as if it merely
insults anyone who tries to read
it.  I suspect it's a Zonko
product.  Nevertheless, I shall
pursue any hidden qualities it may
possess.  As you say, it's my area
of expertise.  Come, Harry.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

I don't know how this map came to
be in your possession, Harry, but
I'm astounded that you didn't turn
it in.  Did you ever stop to think
that this -- in the hands of
Sirius Black -- is a map to you?

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Your father didn't set much store
by rules either.  But he and your
mother did give their lives to
save yours.  Gambling their
sacrifice by walking about the
castle unprotected, with a killer
on the loose, strikes me as a poor
way to repay them.  I won't cover
up for you again, Harry.

HARRY

Professor.  Just so you know, I
don't think the map always works.
Earlier, it showed someone in the
castle.  Someone I know to be dead.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

And who was that, Harry?

HARRY

Peter Pettigrew.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Very well.  I'd like you to return
to your dormitory now.  Oh, and
Harry?  Don't take any detours.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

If you do.  I'll know.

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

Relax... Let your mind... go...

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

Crystal-gazing requires that you
clear the Inner Eye.  Only then,
will you... See.  Oh my, what do
we have here...?

HERMIONE

Here we go again.  It's the Grim!
It's the Grim!

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

My dear, from the moment you first
arrived in my class, I sensed that
you did not possess the proper
spirit for the noble art of
Divination.  You may be young in
years, but the heart that beats
beneath your bosom is as shriveled
as an old maid's, your soul as dry
as the pages of the books to which
you so desperately cleave.

LAVENDER

'In late spring, one of our number
will leave us forever!'  You knew,
Professor!  You saw.

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

On these occasions, I take no joy
in my gift, Miss Brown.

RON

She's gone mental, Hermione has.
I mean, not that she wasn't always
mental, but now it's out in the
open for everyone to see...

HARRY

Professor Trelawney --

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

He will return tonight....

HARRY

S-sorry?

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

Tonight, when the clock strikes
twelve, the servant shall break
free.  He and his Master shall be
reunited.  It cannot be prevented.

PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

So sorry, dear boy.  Did you say
something?

HARRY

No.  Nothing.

HERMIONE

I can't believe they're going to
kill Buckbeak!  It's too horrible.

HARRY

It just got worse.

DRACO

Did you see the big, fat
blubbering oaf?!  Oh, this is
going to be rich.  Did I tell you,
Father said I can keep the head --
Ah.  Come to see the show?

HERMIONE

You... foul... loathsome...
evil... little cockroach...

RON

Hermione!  No!

RON

He's not worth it.

HERMIONE

That felt good.

HAGRID

Look at 'em.  Loves the smell
o' the trees when the wind
blows...

HARRY

I say we set him free.

HAGRID

They'd know I did it.  And tha'
would only get Dumbledore in
trouble.  Gonna come down, yeh
know.  Says he wants ter be with
me when it... when it happens.
Great man, Dumbledore.

HERMIONE

We'll stay with you too, Hagrid.

HAGRID

Yeh will not!  Think I wan' yeh
seein' a thing like this!  No.
Yeh'll drink yer tea an' be off.
But before yeh do -- I wan' ter
see you an' Ron shake hands,
Harry.

HAGRID

Thin' I haven' seen 'ow it's bin
betw'n you two?  Go on now...

HAGRID

Good.  Now then.  Ron, I wan' ter
see you give Hermione a hug.

HERMIONE

What!

RON

What!

HAGRID

Go on!  You two've been at it all
year.  An' I'm sick o' it.

HAGRID

Crikey, tha's jus' abou' the most
pathetic hug I e'er seen.  But yeh
did it, an' tha's wha' matters.
There's jus' one other thing...

RON

I'm not kissing Fang if that's
what you're thinking...

RON

Scabbers!  You're alive!

HAGRID

Yeh should keep a closer eye on
yer pets, Ron.

HERMIONE

I think you owe someone an
apology.

RON

Right.  Next time I see
Crookshanks, I'll let him know.

HERMIONE

I meant me.

HAGRID

Crikey.  Here we go agin...

HARRY

Ow!

HARRY

Hagrid...

HAGRID

Yeh got to go!  It's almost dark.
Anyone sees yeh outside the castle
it'll be trouble!  Big trouble!
'Specially you, Harry --

HARRY

C'mon.

HARRY

What?

HERMIONE

Nothing, I just thought I saw...
Never mind.

RON

He bit me...

HERMIONE

Ron!  No!

HERMIONE

Harry.  You do realize what tree
this is...

RON

Now behave yourself.

HARRY

That's not good.
Ron!  Run!

RON

Harry!  Run!

RON

Aaaahhh!

HERMIONE

I've got you --

RON

Harry!

HARRY

Hold on, Ron!

HARRY

No, Ron...

HARRY

Nooooo!!!

HERMIONE

Haaaaaaarrrrrr!!!!!!!!!

HERMIONE

Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

HARRY

Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

HERMIONE

Thanks.

HARRY

Don't mention it.  Lumos.

HERMIONE

Where do you suppose this goes?

HARRY

I have a hunch.  I just hope I'm
wrong...

HERMIONE

We're in the Shrieking Shack,
aren't we?

HARRY

Nox.

HERMIONE

Ron!  You're okay --

HARRY

The dog -- where's the --

RON

It's a trap, Harry.  He's the dog.
He's an Animagus...

HERMIONE

Sirius Black.
If you want to kill Harry, you'll
-- you'll... have to kill us, too!

SIRIUS BLACK

No.  Only one will die tonight.

HARRY

Then it'll be you!

HERMIONE

Harry!  No!

SIRIUS BLACK

Going to kill me, Harry?

HARRY

Yes.

HERMIONE

Professor Lupin!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Looking a bit ragged, aren't we,
Sirius?  Finally the skin reflects
the madness within.

SIRIUS BLACK

You'd know all about the madness
within, wouldn't you, Remus?

HERMIONE

No!  I trusted you!  I covered up
for you.  And all this time you've
been his friend!

He's a werewolf!  That's why he's
been missing classes!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

How long have you known?

HERMIONE

Since Professor Snape set the
essay.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

You're the brightest witch of your
age I've ever met, Hermione.

SIRIUS BLACK

Yes, you glow like the sun.  And
you howl at the moon.  Enough
talk!  He dies.  Now.  If you
won't do it with me, Remus, I'll
do it alone.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Wait, Sirius --

SIRIUS BLACK

I did my waiting!  Twelve years of
it!  In Azkaban!  Trust me, you
wouldn't have lasted a week!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

All right then.  As you wish...

HARRY

No!

HARRY

You betrayed my parents!  You sold
them to Voldemort!

SIRIUS BLACK

It's a lie!  I never would've
betrayed James and Lily!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Harry!  You've got to listen --

HARRY

Did he listen!  When my mother was
dying!  Did he hear her screaming!

SIRIUS BLACK

No!  I wasn't there!  And I'll
regret it the rest of my life!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Someone else betrayed your
parents, Harry.  Someone in this
room right now.  Someone who,
until quite recently, I believed
to be dead.

SIRIUS BLACK

He's as good as dead.

HARRY

What're you talking about?
There's nobody here.

SIRIUS BLACK

Oh yes there is...

SIRIUS BLACK

Come out, come out, Peter
Come out, come out and play...

RON

You're mad...

SNAPE

Expelliarmus!

SNAPE

Ah, vengeance is sweet.  How I
hoped I'd be the one to catch you.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Severus --

SNAPE

I told Dumbledore you were helping
your old friend into the castle.
And here's the proof.

SIRIUS BLACK

Brilliant!  And -- as usual --
dead wrong.  Now give us our wands
back.  Remus and I have a bit of
unfinished business to tend to.

SNAPE

Give me a reason.  I beg you.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Don't be a fool, Severus!

SIRIUS BLACK

He can't help it.  It's habit by
now.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Quiet, Sirius!

SNAPE

Listen to you two.  Quarreling
like an old married couple.  The
creature and the criminal.

SIRIUS BLACK

Piss off.

SNAPE

Witty as ever I see.  Tell me,
will you be so irreverent when I
turn you over to the Dementors?

Do I detect a flicker of fear?
One can only imagine what it must
be like to endure the Dementor's
Kiss.  It's said to be unbearable
to witness.  But I'll do my best.

SNAPE

After you.

HARRY

Expelliarmus!

HERMIONE

Harry.  You attacked a teacher.

HARRY

You said Peter before.  Peter who?

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Pettigrew.  He was at school with
us.  We thought he was a friend.

HARRY

No.  Pettigrew's dead.  He killed
him.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

I thought so, too.  Until you
mentioned seeing Pettigrew on the
Map.

HARRY

The Map was lying then --

SIRIUS BLACK

The Map never lies.  Pettigrew's
alive.  And he's right there.

RON

M-me?  It's lunatic...

SIRIUS BLACK

Not you, you idiot.  Your rat.

RON

Scabbers?  Scabbers has been in my
family for --

SIRIUS BLACK

Twelve years.  A curiously long
life for a common garden rat.
He's missing a toe, isn't he?

RON

So what?

HARRY

All they could find of Pettigrew
was his --

SIRIUS BLACK

Finger.  Dirty coward cut it off
so everyone would think he was
dead.  Then he transformed into a
rat.

HARRY

Show me.

RON

What are you going to do to him?

SIRIUS BLACK

Together.

PETTIGREW

S-Sirius... R-Remus.  My old
friends.

PETTIGREW

Harry!  Look at you!  Y-you look
just like your father.  Like
James.  We were the best of
friends, he and I --

SIRIUS BLACK

Shut up!

PETTIGREW

I didn't mean to!  The Dark Lord,
you have no idea the weapons he
possesses!  Ask yourself what you
would have done, Sirius.  What
would you have done!

SIRIUS BLACK

Died!  Died rather than betray my
friends!  And you should have
realized, Peter, if Voldemort
didn't kill you...

PROFESSOR LUPIN

We would.

PETTIGREW

No... please... you can't...
Ron!  Haven't I been a good
friend?  A good pet?  You won't
let them kill me, will you?  I was
your rat...
Sweet girl.  Clever girl.  Surely
you won't let them...

HARRY

No.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Harry, this man...

HARRY

I know what he is.  But we'll take
him to the castle.

PETTIGREW

Bless you, boy!  Bless you --

HARRY

Get off!  I said we'd take you to
the castle.  After that, the
Dementors can have you.

PETTIGREW

Turn me into a maggot.  A dung
beetle.  A Flobberworm!  Anything
but the Dementors...
Ron!  Haven't I been a good
friend?  A good pet?  You won't
let them kill me, will you?  I was
your rat...

HERMIONE

Don't worry.  He's under the
Somnambulist Charm.  It's
primarily used to transport the
seriously deranged.

PETTIGREW

Sweet girl.  Clever girl.  Surely
you won't let them...

SIRIUS BLACK

Beautiful, isn't it?  I'll never
forget the first time I walked
through those doors.  It'll be
nice to do it again.  Freely.
That was a noble thing you did
back there.  He doesn't deserve
it.

HARRY

I don't reckon my father'd want
his best friends to become killers
for a worthless piece of vermin
like Pettigrew.  Besides:  Dead,
the truth dies with him.  Alive...
you're free.

SIRIUS BLACK

I don't know if you know, Harry,
but when you were born, James and
Lily made me your guardian...

HARRY

I know.

SIRIUS BLACK

And, well, I'll understand if you
choose to stay with your aunt and
uncle, but, so you know, you
could --

HARRY

Come live with you?  When!

SIRIUS BLACK

Soon as my name's cleared...

HERMIONE

Harry...

SIRIUS BLACK

Remus, old friend... did you take
your potion tonight?

SIRIUS BLACK

Run.  All of you.  Now.

SIRIUS BLACK

You know the man you truly are,
Remus.  This flesh is only flesh.

SIRIUS BLACK 

This heart is where you truly
live.  This heart!  Here!

HARRY

No!

Expelliarmus!

HERMIONE

Professor...?

SNAPE

Out of the way!

HARRY

Sirius!

HERMIONE

Harry!

HARRY

No!!!

HARRY

Please, Professor.  Stop... It's
me.

HARRY

Sirius!

HARRY

Sirius!

HARRY

No... No!
Expecto... Patronum!
Expecto... Patronum...

HARRY

I saw my dad.

HERMIONE

What...?

HARRY

He sent the Dementors away... I
saw him.  Across the lake...

HERMIONE

Listen, Harry.  They've captured
Sirius.  Any minute the Dementors
are going to perform the Kiss.

HARRY

The Kiss...?

HERMIONE

It's what Dementors do to those
they want to destroy.  They clamp
their jaws over the victim's mouth
and... suck out his soul.

HARRY

You mean, they're going to kill
Sirius?

HERMIONE

No.  It's worse.  Much worse.  You
go on living.  But you have no
memory.  No sense of self.  You're
just a shall.  An empty shell...

HERMIONE

Headmaster!  You've got to stop
them!  They've got the wrong man!

HARRY

It's true, sir.  Sirius is
innocent --

RON

It's Scabbers who did it!

DUMBLEDORE

Scabbers...?

RON

My rat, sir.  Only he's not really
a rat.  Well, he was a rat.  You
see, he used to be my brother
Percy's --

HERMIONE

The point is... we know the truth.
Please, sir, you must believe us.

DUMBLEDORE

I do, Miss Granger.  But I'm sorry
to say the word of three thirteen-
year-old wizards will convince few
others.  A child's voice, however
honest and true, is meaningless to
those who have forgotten how to
listen.

DUMBLEDORE

Ah... a shooting star.  If ever
one was to make a wish, now would
be the time.  But time, I'm
afraid, is precisely our
problem...

DUMBLEDORE

Mysterious thing, time.  Powerful.
And, when meddled with...
dangerous.  Sirius Black is in the
topmost cell of the Dark Tower.
You know the laws, Miss Granger.
You must not be seen.  And you
would, I feel, do well to return
before this last chime.  If not...
well, the consequences are really
too ghastly to discuss.  Three
turns should do it, I think.  If
you succeed, more than one
innocent life may be spared
tonight.

DUMBLEDORE

By the way, when in doubt, I find
retracing my steps to be a wise
place to begin... Good luck.

RON

What in bloody hell was all that
about?

HERMIONE

Sorry, Ron.  But seeing as you
can't walk...

HARRY

What just happened?  Where's Ron?

HERMIONE

Seven-thirty.  Where were we at
seven-thirty?

HARRY

Huh?  Dunno... going to Hagrid's?

HERMIONE

Come on!  We can't be seen!

HARRY

Hermione!  Will you please tell me
what it is we're doing?!

HARRY

But that... that's... us.  This is
not... normal.

HERMIONE

This is a Time-Turner, Harry.
McGonagall gave it to me first
term.  This is how I've been
getting to my lessons all year.

HARRY

You mean, we've gone back in time?

HERMIONE

Yes.  Dumbledore wanted us to
return to this moment.  Clearly
something happened he wants us to
change.

HARRY

Good punch.

HERMIONE

Hurry!  Malfoy's coming!

DRACO

Not a word of this to anyone,
understood!  I'll get that jumped-
up Mudblood one of these days.
Mark my words...

HARRY

Look.  Buckbeak's still alive.

HERMIONE

Of course!  Remember what
Dumbledore said.  If we succeed,
more than one innocent life could
be spared.

HARRY

Buckbeak?  But... how will saving
Buckbeak help Sirius?

HERMIONE

We'll see.

HARRY

What?

HERMIONE

Nothing.

HARRY

Here they come.  I better hurry.

HERMIONE

No!  Fudge has to see Buckbeak
before we steal him.  Otherwise,
he'll think Hagrid set him free!

HARRY

That's Pettigrew --

HERMIONE

No, Harry!  You can't!

HARRY

Hermione, that's the man who
betrayed my parents!  You don't
expect me to just sit here...

HERMIONE

Yes!  You Must!
Harry, you're in Hagrid's hut
right now.  If you go bursting
inside, you'll think you've gone
mad.  Awful things can happen when
wizards meddle with time.  We
can't be seen.

HERMIONE

Fudge is coming and... we're not
leaving... why aren't we leaving?

HARRY

Are you mad?

HARRY

That hurt.

HERMIONE

Sorry.

HERMIONE

C'mon.  Any minute now we're going
to be coming out the back door.

HERMIONE

Is that really what my hair looks
like from the back?

HARRY

Shhh!

HERMIONE

Nothing, I just thought I saw...
Never mind.

HERMIONE

Now, Harry!

CORNELIUS FUDGE

'It is the decision of the
Committee for the Disposal of
Dangerous Creatures that the
Hippogriff Buckbeak, hereafter
called the condemned, shall be
executed this day at sundown...'

HARRY

Get away!

CORNELIUS FUDGE

'The Committee's appointed
executioner shall dispatch the
condemned by means of
beheading...'

HARRY

C'mon, Buckbeak.  Come on...

CORNELIUS FUDGE

'As witnessed below.'  You sign
here, Hagrid.  Very well,
gentlemen.  Let's step outside,
shall we...

DUMBLEDORE

Excuse me, Minister.  I believe I
must sign as well...

HERMIONE

Here, Beaky... Come and get the
nice dead ferret... yum yum...

DUMBLEDORE

Professor Dippet had those
blackberries planted when he was
Headmaster...

CORNELIUS FUDGE

Let's get this over with, shall
we?

CORNELIUS FUDGE

But... where is it?  I just saw
the beast not moments ago --
Hagrid?

HAGRID

Beaky...

DUMBLEDORE

How extraordinary!

CORNELIUS FUDGE

Come now, Dumbledore.  Someone's
obviously released him.

HAGRID

Professor, I swear!  I didn't!

DUMBLEDORE

I'm quite sure the Minister isn't
suggesting that you had anything
to do with it, Hagrid.  How could
you?  You've been with us all
along.

CORNELIUS FUDGE

We should search the grounds --

DUMBLEDORE

Search the skies if you must,
Minister.  In the meantime, I
wouldn't say no to a cup of tea,
Hagrid.  Or... a large brandy.
It seems your services will no
longer be required.

HARRY

Now what?

HERMIONE

We save Sirius.

HARRY

And we do that... how?

HERMIONE

No idea.

HERMIONE

Look.  It's Lupin.

HARRY

Wait until Fred and George hear
about that one.
Here comes Snape.

HERMIONE

And now we wait.

HARRY

Now we wait.

HERMIONE

'Least someone's enjoying himself.

HARRY

Hermione...

HERMIONE

Yes?

HARRY

Before.  Down by the lake.  When I
was with Sirius... I did see
someone... that someone made the
Dementors go away...

HERMIONE

With a Patronus.  I heard Snape
telling Dumbledore when we were
taken to the hospital.  According
to him, only a really powerful
wizard could have conjured it.

HARRY

It was my Dad.

HARRY

It was my Dad who conjured the
Patronus.

HERMIONE

But, Harry, your Dad's...

HARRY

Dead.  I know.  I'm just telling
you what I saw.

HERMIONE

Here we come.

HARRY

You see Sirius talking to me?
He's asking me to come live with
him.

HERMIONE

Really?

HARRY

When we free him, I'll never have
to go back to the Dursley's.  I'm
going to tell him I'd like to live
someplace in the country.  I think
he'd like that, after all those
years in Azkaban.  We don't need a
big place and I can help him...

HERMIONE

It's happened.  Lupin's
transformed.

HARRY

Which means Pettigrew is slipping
safely into the night.  While we
just stand here...

HARRY

What are you doing?

HERMIONE

Saving your life.

HARRY

Thanks.  But we have to move.

HERMIONE

Why?

HARRY

Because that werewolf you just
called is running right this way.

HERMIONE

Buckbeak.  We've got to find him.

HERMIONE

Poor Professor Lupin is having a
really tough night...

HARRY

Let's go.

HERMIONE

This is horrible...

HARRY

Don't worry.  My Dad will come...
Right there... you'll see... he'll
come... any minute... he'll
conjure the Patronus

HERMIONE

No one's coming, Harry...

HARRY

He will!  He will come!

HERMIONE

No one's coming!  You're dying,
both of you... and no one's
coming!

HERMIONE

Harry, No!

HARRY

Expecto Patronum!

HARRY

You were right, Hermione.  It
wasn't my dad I saw earlier.  It
was... me.  I saw myself conjuring
the Patronus before.  I knew I
could do it this time, because...
because I'd already done it.  Does
that make sense?

HERMIONE

No.
But I don't like this!

HERMIONE

Out of the way!
Alohomora!
Didn't really expect that to work.

HERMIONE

Dunamis!  Liberare!  Annihilare!
Emancipare!
No.  No.  No.  No.

SIRIUS BLACK

You might try --

HERMIONE

Quiet!  I'm trying to think.

HERMIONE

Bombarda!

SIRIUS BLACK

That'll do.

SIRIUS BLACK

You truly are your father's son,
Harry!

SIRIUS BLACK

I'll be forever grateful for this.
To both of you.

HARRY

I want to go with you.

SIRIUS BLACK

One day perhaps.  For some time...
life will be too... unpredictable.
Besides, you're meant to be here.

SIRIUS BLACK

But promise me something, Harry.

HARRY

Anything.

SIRIUS BLACK

Trust yourself.  No matter the
challenges you face -- and I fear
they will be many -- you'll be
surprised how many times you can
find the answers....here.

SIRIUS BLACK

A shooting star.  Make a wish.

HERMIONE

We have to go.

DUMBLEDORE

By the way, when in doubt, I
always find retracing my steps to
be a wise place to begin... Good
luck.

DUMBLEDORE

Well?

HARRY

He's free -- Sirius.  We... we did
it.

DUMBLEDORE

Did what?

RON

How'd you two get over there?  I
was just talking to you... over
there.

HERMIONE

What d'you think, Harry?  Too much
for him -- everything that's
happened tonight?

HARRY

Afraid so.  Always been a bit of
the nervous type, Ron has.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Hello, Harry.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Saw you coming.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

I've looked worse, believe me.

HARRY

You've been sacked.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Resigned, actually.

HARRY

Resigned!  But why!

PROFESSOR LUPIN

It seems that someone has let slip
the nature of my condition.

HARRY

Snape.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Whoever.  It was bound to get out.
This time tomorrow, the owls will
start arriving.  Parents will not
want a -- someone like me --
teaching their children.

HARRY

But Dumbledore --

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Has already risked enough on my
behalf.  Besides, people like me,
well... let's just say I'm used to
this by now.  But before I go,
tell me about your Patrons.

HARRY

Well.  At first I thought it was a
horse, or perhaps a unicorn, but I
think it was --

PROFESSOR LUPIN

A stag.

HARRY

Yes.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Your father used to transform into
one.  That's how he was able to
keep me company when I became...
sick.  He was a great friend
James.

PROFESSOR LUPIN

Mischief managed.

RON

Stand back, I said!  I'll take it
upstairs if you don't settle!

NEVILLE

Harry!  Wherever did you get it!

SEAMUS

Can I have a go, Harry?  After
you, of course --

RON

Quiet!
Thank you.  Let the man through.

HARRY

Whose is that?

RON

Whose is it?  It's yours, mate.

HARRY

But... how?  Who?

HERMIONE

It's a mystery.  Though... this
fell out of the wrapping.

HARRY

That's a Hippogriff feather --

SEAMUS

Go on, Harry.

NEVILLE

Yeah.  Let's see.

FRED

What's wrong?

GEORGE

What's wrong?

HARRY

I don't think it works.  I think
it's defective.

HARRY

Oh, come on now.  It's just a
broom.

HAGRID

Just a broom.

HARRY

The fastest broom in the world.

