

BELLATRIX

Narcissa!

BELLATRIX

Cissy! You mustn’t do this.  He 
can’t be trusted.

NARCISSA

The Dark Lord trusts him.

BELLATRIX

The Dark Lord is mistaken.

BELLATRIX

Or so I believe.

NARCISSA

Well, who can one trust these 
days?

BELLATRIX

He lives in this Muggle dunghill?

SNAPE

Run along, Wormtail.

NARCISSA

I’ve nowhere else to turn, 
Severus.

BELLATRIX

You must be joking.

NARCISSA

I know I ought not to be here.  
The Dark Lord himself has 
forbidden me to speak of this --

SNAPE

If the Dark Lord has forbidden it, 
you ought not to speak.

SNAPE

Put it down, Bella.  We mustn’t 
touch what isn’t ours.
As it so happens I’m aware of your 
situation, Narcissa.

BELLATRIX

You? The Dark Lord told you?

SNAPE

Your sister doubts me, Narcissa. Understandable.  

SNAPE

Over the years I have played my 
part well.  So well I’ve deceived 
one of the greatest wizards of all 
time.

SNAPE

Dumbledore is a great wizard.  
Only a fool would question it.

NARCISSA

I... I don’t doubt you, Severus.

BELLATRIX

You should feel honored, Cissy.  
As should Draco --

NARCISSA

He’s just a boy!

SNAPE

I can’t change the Dark Lord’s 
mind.  But it might be possible 
for me to help Draco.  To provide 
some... protection.

NARCISSA

Do you mean it, Severus?

SNAPE

I can try.

NARCISSA

Oh, Severus, please, if you   
would... I would be forever in 
your debt.

BELLATRIX

Swear to it.

BELLATRIX

Make the Unbreakable Vow.
You see.  It’s just empty words.  
Oh he’ll try.  He’ll give it his 
best effort.  But when it matters 
most he’ll slither back into his 
hole.  Bloody coward...

SNAPE

Take out your wand.

BELLATRIX

Will you, Severus Snape, watch 
over Draco Malfoy as he attempts 
to fulfill the Dark Lord’s wishes.

SNAPE

I will.

BELLATRIX

And will you, to the best of your 
ability, protect him from harm?

SNAPE

I will.

BELLATRIX

And should it prove necessary, if 
it seems Draco will fail... will 
you yourself carry out the deed 
that the Dark Lord has ordered 
Draco to perform?

SNAPE

I will.

WAITRESS

Harry Potter.  Who’s Harry Potter?

HARRY

Oh.  Um.  No one.  Bit of a 
tosser.

WAITRESS

Funny that paper of yours.  Couple 
nights ago, I could swear I saw 
one of the pictures move.

HARRY

Really.

WAITRESS

Thought I’d gone round the twist.

HARRY

Hey.  I was wondering...

WAITRESS

Eleven.  That’s when I get off.

You can tell me all about that 
tosser Harry Potter.

DUMBLEDORE

I once knew a Muggle girl from 
Liverpool with hair like spun 
silk.  No light could resist it...

You’ve been reckless this summer, 
Harry.

HARRY

I like riding round on the trains.  
It takes my mind off... things.

DUMBLEDORE

Rather unpleasant to behold, isn’t 
it?  The tale is thrilling if I do 
say so myself, but I’m afraid now 
is not the time to tell it.  Take 
my arm.

Do as I say.

HARRY

I just Apparated, didn’t I?

DUMBLEDORE

Indeed.  And quite successfully I 
might add.  Most people vomit 
their first time.

HARRY

Can’t imagine why...

DUMBLEDORE

Welcome to the charming village of 
Budleigh Babberton, Harry.  I 
assume right about now you’re 
wondering why I’ve brought you 
here, am I right?

HARRY

After all these years, I just sort 
of roll with it, sir.

DUMBLEDORE

Wand out, Harry.

DUMBLEDORE

Lumos...

DUMBLEDORE

Horace!

ARMCHAIR

Merlin’s Beard!

SLUGHORN

There’s no need to disfigure me, 
Albus!

DUMBLEDORE

I must say, you make a very 
convincing armchair, Horace.

SLUGHORN

It’s all in the upholstery.
I come by the stuffing naturally.  
What gave me away?

DUMBLEDORE

Dragon’s blood.

SLUGHORN

Yes, well, I couldn’t very well 
use wizard’s blood, could I?  Oho!

DUMBLEDORE

Ah yes.  Introductions.  Harry, 
this is an old friend and 
colleague of mine, Horace 
Slughorn.  Horace, this is, well, 
you know who this is.
Apparently there’s some thought he 
may be the Chosen One.

DUMBLEDORE

So why all the theatrics, Horace?  
You weren’t perhaps expecting 
someone else, were you?

SLUGHORN

S-someone else?  I’m sure I don’t 
know what you mean.

SLUGHORN

Oh all right!  The Death Eaters 
have been trying to recruit me for 
over a year.  Do you know what 
that’s like?  One can only say no 
to these people so many times 
before they...

DUMBLEDORE

Take matters into their own hands?

SLUGHORN

I never stay anywhere more than a 
week.  The Muggles who own this 
place are in the Canary Islands.

DUMBLEDORE

Well, I think it should be put 
back in order for them, don’t you?  
Mind?

DUMBLEDORE

That was fun.  May I use the loo?

SLUGHORN

Don’t think I don’t know why 
you’re here, Albus!  The answer is 
still no!  Absolutely, 
unequivocally no!

SLUGHORN

You look very like your father.  
Except for your eyes.  You’ve 
got -- 

HARRY

My mother’s eyes, yeah.

SLUGHORN

Lily.  Lovely Lily.  She was 
exceedingly bright -- your mother.  
Even more impressive when one 
considers she was Muggle-born.

HARRY

One of my best friends is Muggle-
born.  She’s the best in our year.

SLUGHORN

Oh, but you mustn’t think I’m 
prejudiced!  No, no, no! Your 
mother was one of my absolute 
favorites!  Look, there she is.  
Right up front.

SLUGHORN

All mine, each and every one.  Ex-
students, I mean.  You recognize 
Barnubas Cuffe, of course, editor 
of the Daily Prophet.  

SLUGHORN

Always takes my owl should I want 
to register my opinion on the news 
of the day.  And there’s Ambrosius 
Flume of Honeydukes.  Sends a 
hamper of chocolate to the house 
each birthday.  That is, when I 
had a house.  And Gwenog Jones, 
captain of the Holyhead Harpies -- 
free tickets whenever I want them.  
Of course, I haven’t been to a 
match in some time...

SLUGHORN

Ah yes.  Regulus Black.  You no 
doubt know of his older brother 
Sirius.  Died a few weeks ago.  I 
taught the whole Black family 
except Sirius.  Shame.  Talented 
boy.  I got Regulus when he came 
along, of course, but I’d have 
liked the set.

DUMBLEDORE

Mind if I take this?  I do love 
knitting patterns.

SLUGHORN

Of course.  But you’re not 
leaving?

DUMBLEDORE

I think I know a lost cause when I 
see one.  Regrettable.  I would 
have considered it a personal 
triumph had you consented to 
return to Hogwarts, Horace.  You 
are, like my friend Mr. Potter -- 
one of a kind.

SLUGHORN

All right!  I’ll do it.  But I’ll 
be wanting Professor 
Merrythought’s old office, not 
that water closet I had formerly.  
And I expect a raise!  These are 
mad times we live in!  Mad!

DUMBLEDORE

Indeed they are.

HARRY

Sir, exactly what was that all -- 

DUMBLEDORE

You are talented, famous and 
powerful -- everything Horace 
values.  Professor Slughorn is 
going to try to collect you, 
Harry.  You would be his crowning 
jewel.  That is why he is 
returning to Hogwarts.  And it is 
crucial he return...

DUMBLEDORE

I fear I may have stolen a 
wondrous night from you, Harry.  
She was, truthfully, very pretty.  
The girl.

HARRY

It’s alright, sir.  I’ll go back 
tomorrow, make some excuse -- 

DUMBLEDORE

You’ll not be going back to Little 
Whinging tonight, Harry.

HARRY

But, sir.  What about Hedwig?  And 
there’s my trunk -- 

DUMBLEDORE
Both are waiting for you.

HARRY

Sir?

GINNY

Hedwig...?  Mum!

MRS. WEASLEY 

What is it, Ginny?  Is it your 
father?  Has something happened at 
the Ministry?  Has he been 
kidnapped?  Is it the Death 
Eaters?

GINNY

Exactly.  How’d you guess?

GINNY

I’m joking, Mum.

MRS. WEASLEY

You’re worse than Fred and George.

GINNY

Now you’re joking.  I was only 
wondering when Harry got here.

MRS. WEASLEY

Harry who?

GINNY

Harry Dimpleton.  Harry Potter, of 
course.

MRS. WEASLEY

I think I’d know if Harry Potter 
was in my house, wouldn’t I?

GINNY

Well his trunk’s in the kitchen.  
And his owl.

MRS. WEASLEY

I seriously doubt that.

RON

Harry?  Did someone say Harry?

GINNY

Me, nosy.  Is he up there with 
you?

RON

‘Course not.  Think I’d know if my 
best friend was in my room, 
wouldn’t I?

HERMIONE

Was that an owl I heard?

GINNY

Harry’s.  Haven’t seen him, have 
you?  Apparently, he’s wandering 
about the house.

HERMIONE

Really?

HARRY

Really.

RON

Harry!

HERMIONE

Harry!

MRS. WEASLEY

But why didn’t you tell us you 
were coming?

HARRY

Didn’t know.  
Dumbledore.

MRS. WEASLEY

That man.  But then, what would we 
do without him?  Ron!

RON

You’ve a bit of...

HARRY

When’d you get here?

HERMIONE

A few days ago.  Though... for a 
bit, I wasn’t sure I was coming.

RON

Mum sort of lost it last week.  
Said Ginny and I had no business 
going back to Hogwarts.  That it’s 
too dangerous.

HARRY

Oh come on...

HERMIONE

She’s not alone.  Even my parents  
-- and they’re Muggles -- know 
something bad is happening.

RON

Anyway, Dad stepped in, told her 
she was being barmy.  Took a day 
or two, but she came round.

HARRY

But we’re talking about Hogwarts.  
Dumbledore. What could be safer?

HERMIONE

There’s been a lot of chatter 
lately.  That he’s gotten... old.

HARRY

Rubbish.  He’s only -- what?

RON

A hundred and fifty.  Give or take 
a few years.

FRED/GEORGE

Step up!  Step up!  

GEORGE

We’ve got Fainting Fancy...

FRED

Nosebleed Nougats...

GEORGE

And just in time for school...

FRED

Puking Pastilles!

FRED

Into the cauldron, handsome.

GEORGE

Into the cauldron, handsome.

FRED

What’d you think, Harry?

HARRY

Amazing.

GEORGE

Pocket that and you’ll pay in more 
than Galleons, my friend.  

FRED

We’ve got eyes in the back of our
heads.

GEORGE

Bloody urchins.

HARRY

Peruvian Instant Darkness Powder?

FRED

A real money spinner that.

FRED

Handy if you need to make a quick 
escape.  Hello, ladies!

GEORGE

Yes, they do really work.  

FRED

Then again, the way we hear it, 
sis, you’re doing just fine on 
your own.

GINNY

Meaning?

FRED

Are you not currently dating Dean 
Thomas?

GINNY

None of your business.

HERMIONE

These are adorable.

FRED

Aren’t they now.  Pygmy Puffs.  
Can’t breed them fast enough.

RON

How much for this?

FRED

Five Galleons.

GEORGE

Five Galleons.

RON

How much for me?

FRED

Five Galleons.

GEORGE

Five Galleons.

RON

But I’m your brother!

FRED

Ten Galleons.

RON

C’mon. Let’s go.

LAVENDER BROWN

Hi, Ron.

RON

Hi.

HERMIONE

How is it Fred and George are 
doing it?  Half the alley’s closed 
down.

RON

Fred reckons people need a laugh 
these days.

HARRY

Reckon he’s right...

HERMIONE

Oh no.  Look.

HERMIONE

But everyone got their wands from 
Ollivander.  Young.  Old...

HARRY

Good.  Bad.  Speaking of which...

RON

Is it just me?  Or do Draco and 
mummy look like two people who 
don’t want to be followed?

RON

What’re they playing at?

HARRY

Dunno.  Let’s get closer.

RON

Hey.  Where’s Hermione?

RON

Harry, where is she?

HARRY

I don’t know.  I’m turned around.

RON

Bloody hell.

HERMIONE

Sorry.

HARRY

What just happened?

HERMIONE

I don’t know.

LUNA

Quibbler...?  Quibbler...?

LUNA

There’s an article on Wrackspurts 
this month.  Quibbler...?

LUNA

He’s lovely.  They’ve been known 
to sing on Boxing Day, you know.  
Quibbler?

GINNY

Please.  What’s a Wrackspurt?

LUNA

They’re invisible creatures that 
float in through your ears and 
make your brain go fuzzy.
Quibbler?  Quibbler?

HARRY

Don’t you see, it was a ceremony.  
An initiation.

HERMIONE

Stop, Harry, I know where you’re 
going with this -- 

HARRY

It’s happened.  He’s one of them.

RON

One of what?

HERMIONE

Harry is under the impression that 
Draco Malfoy is now a Death Eater.

RON

You’re barking.  What would You-
Know-Who want with a sod like 
Malfoy?

HARRY

So what’s he doing in Borgin and 
Burke’s?  Browsing for furniture?

RON

It’s a creepy shop.  He’s a creepy 
bloke.

HARRY

Look.  His father’s a Death Eater.  
It only makes sense.  Besides, 
Hermione saw it.  With her own 
eyes.

HERMIONE

I told you.  I don’t know what I 
saw.

HARRY

I need some air.

MALFOY

What just happened?  Blaise?

BLAISE

Don’t know.

PANSY

Relax, boys.  The lights went out 
is all.  Come, Draco.  We’ll be  
at Hogwarts before you know it.

MALFOY

Hogwarts.  What a pathetic excuse 
for a school.  I think I’d pitch 
myself off the Astronomy Tower if 
I thought I had to continue on for 
another two years.

PANSY

What’s that supposed to mean?

MALFOY

Let’s just say I don’t think 
you’ll be seeing me wasting my 
time in Charms Class next year.

MALFOY

Amused, Blaise?  We’ll see just 
who’s laughing in the end.

HERMIONE

Where’s Harry?

RON

Probably on the platform.  C’mon.

MALFOY

You two go on.  I want to check 
something.

MALFOY

Didn’t mummy ever tell you it’s 
bad manners to eavesdrop, Potter?  
Petrificus Totalus!

MALFOY

Oh, right, she was dead before you 
could wipe the drool off your 
chin.

MALFOY

Enjoy the ride back to London.

LUNA

Hello, Harry.

HARRY

Luna.  How’d you...?

LUNA

Wrackspurts. Your head’s full of 
them.

HARRY

Sorry I made you miss the 
carriages, Luna.

LUNA

It’s alright.  I enjoyed our walk.  
It was like being with a friend.

HARRY

I am your friend, Luna.

LUNA

That’s nice.

FLITWICK

About time!  I’ve been looking all 
over for you two.  Names.

HARRY

Professor Flitwick, you’ve known 
me for five years.

FLITWICK

No exceptions, Potter.

LUNA

Who are those people?

FLITWICK

Aurors. For security.

MALFOY

It’s a not a cane, you cretin.  
It’s a walking stick.

FILCH

And what exactly would you be 
wanting with a walking stick?

SNAPE

It was his father’s.

MALFOY

Is my father’s.  He’s not dead.

SNAPE

It’s alright, Mr. Filch.  I can 
vouch for Mr. Malfoy.

MALFOY

Nice face, Potter.

LUNA

Would you like me to fix it?  
Personally I think you look a bit 
more devil-may-care this way.  But 
it’s up to you.

HARRY

Have you ever fixed one?  A nose.

LUNA

No.  But I’ve done several toes 
and how different are they really?

HARRY

What the hell.  Give it a go.

LUNA

Episkey.

HARRY

Well?  How do I look?

LUNA

Exceptionally ordinary.

HARRY

Brilliant.

RON

Don’ you worry.  He’ll be ‘long 
soon ‘nuff -- 

HERMIONE

Will.  You.  Stop.  Eating!  Your 
best friend is missing!

RON

Oi!  Turn around, you lunatic.

GINNY

He’s covered in blood again.  Why 
is it he’s always covered in 
blood?

RON

Looks like his own this time.

HERMIONE

Where’ve you been, Harry?  And 
what happened to your face?

HARRY

Later.  What’ve I missed?

RON

Sorting Hat urged us all to be 
brave and strong in these troubled 
times -- easy for it to say -- 
it’s a hat, isn’t it?  First Years 
seemed to enjoy it, though.  
Wankers. Filch give you the wand 
outside?

HARRY

Thanks...

HERMIONE

What’s happened to his hand?

DUMBLEDORE

The very best of evenings to you!  
First off, please join me in 
welcoming the newest member of our 
staff, Horace Slughorn.

DUMBLEDORE

Professor Slughorn, I’m happy to 
say, has agreed to resume his old 
post of Potions master.  Meanwhile 
the post of Defense Against the 
Dark Arts will be assumed by 
Professor Snape.

DUMBLEDORE

Now, as you know, each and every 
one of you was searched upon your 
arrival tonight.  You have a right 
to know why.

DUMBLEDORE

Once there was a young man who, 
like you, sat in this very Hall.  
Walked this castle’s corridors.  
Slept beneath its roof.  He 
seemed, to all the world, a 
student like any other.  His name?  
Tom Riddle.
The Hall goes utterly silent.

DUMBLEDORE

Today, of course, the world knows 
him by another name.  Which is 
why, as I stand looking out upon 
you all tonight, I am reminded of 
a sobering fact.  Each day, every 
hour, this very minute perhaps, 
dark forces attempt to penetrate 
this castle.  But in the end, 
their greatest weapon remains... 
you.

DUMBLEDORE

Just something to keep in mind.  
Now, off to bed.  Pip pip!

RON

That was cheerful.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

History of Magic is up, ladies, 
not down.  Mr. Davies -- that’s 
the girl’s toilet...

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Potter!

HARRY

This can’t be good.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Enjoying ourself, are we?

HARRY

Well, you see, I’ve got an open 
period this morning, Professor --

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

So I noticed.  I would think you’d 
want to fill it with Potions.  Or 
is it no longer your ambition to 
become an Auror?

HARRY

It is.  Or was.  But I was told I 
had to get an Outstanding in my 
O.W.L. --

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

And so you did when Professor 
Snape was teaching Potions.  
However, Professor Slughorn is 
perfectly happy to accept N.E.W.T. 
students with ‘Exceeds 
Expectations.’

HARRY

Really?  Well... brilliant.  I’ll 
head there straight away.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Good.  And take Weasley with you.  
He looks far too happy over there.

RON

But I don’t want to take Potions!

SLUGHORN

Harry m’boy!  I was beginning to 
worry!  And I see we’ve brought 
someone with us...

RON

Ron Weasley, sir.  But I’m dead 
awful at Potions, a menace 
actually, so I probably should 
just be going --

SLUGHORN

Nonsense, we’ll sort you out.  Any 
friend of Harry’s is a friend of 
mine.  Right then, books out --

HARRY

Um, sorry, sir, but I haven’t got 
my book yet -- nor’s Ron.  You  
see -- 

SLUGHORN

Not to worry.  You can get what 
you need from the cupboard.

SLUGHORN

Now, as I was saying, I’ve 
prepared a few concoctions this 
morning.  Any ideas what these 
might be?  Yes, Miss...?

HERMIONE

Granger, sir.  That one there is 
Veritaserum.  And that would be 
Polyjuice Potion.  And that is Amortentia! The most 
powerful love potion in the world.

HERMIONE

It’s rumored to smell differently 
to each person, according to what 
attracts them.  For example, I 
smell freshly mown grass and 
new parchment and spearmint 
toothpaste --

SLUGHORN

One of my best friends is Muggle-
born.  She’s the best in our 
year...

SLUGHORN

Now Amortentia doesn’t create 
actual love, of course.  That’s 
impossible.  But it does cause a 
powerful infatuation or obsession.  
For that reason, it is probably 
the most dangerous potion in this 
room.

KATIE BELL

Sir, you haven’t told us what’s in 
that one.

SLUGHORN

Ah yes...

SLUGHORN

What you see before you, ladies 
and gentlemen, is a curious little 
potion known as Felix Felicis.  
But it is more commonly referred 
to as --

HERMIONE

Liquid luck.

SLUGHORN

Yes, Miss Granger.  Desperately 
tricky to make.  Disastrous should 
you get it wrong.  But brewed 
correctly, as this has been, it 
has remarkable powers.  One sip 
and you will find that all your 
endeavors succeed... at least 
until the effects wear off.

KATIE BELL

But then why don’t people drink it 
all the time?

SLUGHORN

Because taken in excess it causes 
giddiness, recklessness and 
dangerous overconfidence.

BLAISE

Have you ever taken it, sir?

SLUGHORN

Twice.  Once when I was twenty-
four.  Once when I was fifty-
seven.  Two tablespoons taken at 
breakfast.  Two perfect days...

SLUGHORN

So.  This is what I offer each of 
you today.  One tiny vial of 
liquid luck... to the student who, 
in the hour that remains, manages 
to brew an acceptable Draught of 
Living Death, the recipe for which 
can be found on page ten of your 
textbook.

SLUGHORN

You should know that in all the 
years of my previous tenure at 
Hogwarts, not once did a student 
brew a potion of sufficient 
quality to claim this prize.  In 
any event -- good luck.

HERMIONE

How did you do that?

HARRY

Crush it.  Don’t cut it.

HERMIONE

No.  The instructions specifically 
say to cut.

HARRY

No.  Really --

HERMIONE

Sh!

SLUGHORN

Merlin’s Beard!  But it’s perfect.  
So perfect I daresay one sip would 
kill us all!  Your mother was a 
dab hand at potions, but this... 
My, my, what can’t you do, m’boy?  
Perhaps you will save us all in 
the end...

SLUGHORN

Here you are then, as promised.  
One bottle of Felix Felicis.  Use 
it well.

DUMBLEDORE

Good evening, Harry.  You got my 
message, I see.  Come, come.  Sit.

DUMBLEDORE

So.  How are you?

HARRY

Fine, sir.

DUMBLEDORE

Enjoying your classes?  Professor 
Slughorn, for one, is most 
impressed with you.

HARRY

I think he overestimates my 
abilities, sir.

DUMBLEDORE

Do you?

HARRY

Definitely.

DUMBLEDORE

And what of your activities 
outside the classroom?  Do they 
bring you satisfaction?

HARRY

Sir?

DUMBLEDORE

I notice you spend a great deal of 
time with Miss Granger.  One can’t 
help but wonder if --

HARRY

No!  I mean... she’s brilliant.  
And we’re friends.  But... no.

DUMBLEDORE

Forgive me, Harry, I...

DUMBLEDORE

... I was merely curious.
In any event, I’m sure you’re 
wondering why I’ve summoned you 
here tonight.  The answer lies 
here.

DUMBLEDORE

What you see before you are 
memories.  In this case pertaining 
to one individual:  Voldemort.  Or 
as he was known then... Tom 
Riddle.

DUMBLEDORE

This vial contains a most 
particular memory -- of the day I 
first met him.  I’d like you to 
see it.  If you would...

MRS. COLE

I must confess to a bit of 
confusion upon receiving your 
letter, Mr. Dumbledore.  In all 
the years Tom’s been here, he’s 
never once had a family visitor.  
Frankly, I was stunned to find 
that someone knew of his 
existence.

DUMBLEDORE

I am not family.  But his name has 
been known to me since birth.

MRS. COLE

I see...

MRS. COLE

I think I should tell you.  He’s a 
funny boy -- Tom.  Odd.  There 
have been incidents with the other 
children.  Nasty things.

DUMBLEDORE

Perhaps you could give me an 
example.

MRS. COLE

You’ve got a visitor, Tom.

DUMBLEDORE

How do you do, Tom.

MRS. COLE

Well, I’ll leave you two to 
yourselves.

TOM RIDDLE

Don’t.

DUMBLEDORE

As you wish.

TOM RIDDLE

You’re the doctor, aren’t you?

DUMBLEDORE

No.  I am a Professor.

TOM RIDDLE

I don’t believe you.  I hear Mrs. 
Cole talking, her and the rest of 
the staff.  They want me looked 
at.  They think I’m different.

DUMBLEDORE

Perhaps they’re right.

TOM RIDDLE

I’m not mad.

DUMBLEDORE

Hogwarts is not a place for mad 
people.

DUMBLEDORE

It’s a school.  A school of... 
magic.

DUMBLEDORE

You can do things, can’t you, Tom?  
Things the other children can’t.

TOM RIDDLE

Yes.

DUMBLEDORE

Tell me some of the things you can 
do, Tom.

TOM RIDDLE

I can make things move -- without 
touching them.  I can make animals 
do what I want without training 
them.  I can make bad things 
happen to people who are mean to 
me.  I can make them hurt... if I 
want.

TOM RIDDLE

Who are you?

DUMBLEDORE

I’m like you, Tom.  Different.

TOM RIDDLE

Prove it.

DUMBLEDORE

I think there is something trying 
to get out of your wardrobe, Tom.  
Open it.  Open.  It.

DUMBLEDORE

Take it out.

DUMBLEDORE

Is there anything in that box you 
ought not to have?

DUMBLEDORE

Why did you want these things, 
Tom?

TOM RIDDLE

I like having things that belonged 
to other people.  It makes me feel 
... close to them.

DUMBLEDORE

Thievery is not tolerated at 
Hogwarts.  At Hogwarts, you will 
be taught not only how to use 
magic, but to control it.  
Understood?
I’ll be going now, Tom.  Leave 
your window open tonight.  An owl 
will bring you a message.  Read it 
carefully.

TOM RIDDLE

I can speak to snakes too.

TOM RIDDLE

They find me.  Whisper things.  Is 
that normal.  For someone like me?

DUMBLEDORE

It is unusual.  But not unheard 
of.

HARRY

Did you know, sir?  Then?

DUMBLEDORE

Did I know that I had just met the 
most dangerous Dark Wizard of all 
time?  No.  Had I...

DUMBLEDORE

Over time, while here at Hogwarts, 
Tom Riddle grew close to one 
particular teacher.  Can you guess 
which teacher that might be?

HARRY

You didn’t bring Professor 
Slughorn back simply to teach 
Potions, did you, sir?

DUMBLEDORE

No.  I did not.  You see, 
Professor Slughorn possesses 
something I desire very dearly.  
And he will not part with it 
easily...
I’d rather not divulge any more 
just yet, Harry.  But I promise.  
In time you will know everything.

HARRY

You said Professor Slughorn would 
try to collect me.

DUMBLEDORE

I did.

HARRY

Do you want me to let him?

DUMBLEDORE

Yes.

HARRY

All right!  Queue up!  Excuse 
me...

GINNY

Shut It!

HARRY

Thanks.  All right.  This morning 
I’ll be putting you all through a 
few drills to assess your 
strengths.  But know this:  Just 
because you made the team last 
year does not guarantee you a spot 
this year.  Is that clear?

CORMAC

No hard feelings, Weasley, 
alright?

RON

Hard feelings?

CORMAC

I’ll be going out for Keeper as 
well.  Nothing personal.

RON

Really?  Strapping guy like you, 
you’ve got a Beater’s build, don’t 
you think?  Keeper needs to be 
agile, quick --

CORMAC

I like my chances.  Say... think 
you could introduce me to your 
friend Granger?  Wouldn’t mind 
getting on a first name basis, 
know what I mean?

HARRY

All right.  Cormac.  Ron.  It’s 
down to you two for Keeper.  We’ll 
decide it with a shootout.  
Demelza, you’ll bring the Quaffle 
up against Cormac.  Ginny, you’ll 
take on Ron.

CORMAC

Hang on.  She’s his sister.  How 
do I know she won’t toss him a 
floater?

GINNY

Piss off, Cormac.  How ‘bout I 
toss you a floater?

HARRY

Quiet!  I’m Captain.  We do it my 
way.  Now line up.  On three.  
One.  Two... Three!

HARRY

C’mon, Ron...

LAVENDER BROWN

Isn’t he brilliant?

RON

Have to admit, thought I was going 
to miss that last one.  Hope 
Cormac’s not taking it too hard.

RON

Has a bit of a thing for you, 
Hermione.  Cormac.

HERMIONE

He’s vile.

HARRY

Ever heard of this spell?

HERMIONE

No I have not. And if you had a 
shred of self-respect you would 
turn that book in.

RON

Not bloody likely.  He’s top of 
the class.  Even better than you, 
Hermione.  Slughorn thinks he’s a 
genius.

RON

What?

HERMIONE

I’d like to know just whose book 
that was.  Let’s take a look, 
shall we?

HARRY

No.

HERMIONE

Why not?

HARRY

It’s... old.  The binding is 
fragile.

HERMIONE

The binding is fragile?

GINNY

Who’s the Half-Blood Prince?

HERMIONE

The who?

RON

The who?

GINNY

That’s what it says.  Right here.  
‘This Book is the Property of the 
Half-Blood Prince.’

HERMIONE

For weeks you carry around this 
book, practically sleep with it... 
and you have no desire to find out 
who The Half-Blood Prince is?

HARRY

I didn’t say I wasn’t curious.  
And, by the way, I don’t sleep
with it.

RON

Yeah. Right.
Well, it’s true.  I like a nice 
chat before I go to bed.  Now 
you’re always reading that bloody 
book.  It’s like being with 
Hermione.

HERMIONE

Well, I was curious.  So I went  
to

HARRY

The library.

RON

The library.

HARRY

And?

HERMIONE

And... nothing.  There’s no 
reference to the Half-Blood Prince 
anywhere.

HARRY

Good.  That settles it then.

HAGRID

Hey, you three!

HERMIONE

What’ve you got there, Hagrid?

HAGRID

Stinksap.  Burn the whiskers right 
off yer chin.  Trees ‘ere are 
drippin’ with it.

HERMIONE

Stinksap?  You’re not sick, are 
you?

HAGRID

It’s not fer me.  It’s fer Aragog.  
Yeh remember Aragog, don’ yeh?

RON

Spider?  About six feet tall?  Ten 
feet wide?

HAGRID

Tha’s the one.  He’s taken ill.  
I’m hopin’ ter nurse ‘im back.  
Keep yer fingers crossed.

RON

Barking.  Does he not remember 
that raving arachnid tried to eat 
us? What?

HERMIONE

The Aurors. I know they’re here 
to protect us, but... somehow I 
don’t feel any safer.

SLUGHORN

Filius!  I was hoping to find you 
at the Three Broomsticks.

FLITWICK

Emergency choir practice, I’m 
afraid, Horace.

HARRY

Who’s up for a Butterbeer?

HARRY

No.  Over here.

HARRY

No, no.  Sit next to me.

RON

O-kay.

SKINNY KID

What’ll we have?

HERMIONE

Three Butterbeers.  Splash of 
ginger in mine, please.

RON

Aw, bloody hell...

HERMIONE

Oh, honestly, Ronald.  They’re 
just holding hands...

HERMIONE

And snogging.

RON

I’d like to leave.

HERMIONE

Leave?  You can’t be serious.

RON

That happens to be my sister.

HERMIONE

So?  What if she looked over here 
and saw you snogging me?  Would 
you expect her to get up and 
leave?

SLUGHORN

Harry, m’boy!

HARRY

Hello, sir.  Wonderful to see you.

HARRY

So what brings you here, sir?

SLUGHORN

Oh, the Three Broomsticks and I go 
way back.  Longer than I’d care to 
admit.  In fact, I remember when 
it was simply One Broomstick!

SLUGHORN

Oops!  All hands on deck, Granger!

SLUGHORN

Listen, m’boy.  In the old days, I 
used to throw together the 
occasional supper and invite a 
select student or two.  Would you 
be game?

HARRY

I’d consider it an honor, sir.

SLUGHORN

You’d be welcome too, Granger.

HERMIONE

Be delighted, sir.

SLUGHORN

Brilliant.  Look for my owl.
Good to see you, Wallenby.

RON

What’re you playing at?

HARRY

Dumbledore asked me to... get to 
know him.

RON

Get to know him?

HARRY

Dunno.  But it must be important.  
Otherwise Dumbledore wouldn’t ask.

RON

Um... You’ve got a little...

RON

Bit worried about her.  Did you 
hear that rubbish she was talking 
back in the pub?  Her and me 
snogging.  Ha.  As if...

LEANNE

Katie.  You don’t know what it 
could be!

HERMIONE

What’s up?

LEANNE

I warned her!  I warned her not to 
touch it!

RON

Harry, she’s swallowing her  
tongue -- 

HERMIONE

I’ll get someone -- 

HARRY

There’s no time!

HAGRID

Get back!  All o’ yeh!

HAGRID

Now, now.  Now, now...

HAGRID

Don’ go touchin’ tha’ but by the 
wrappin’s.  Unnerstan’?

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

You’re sure Katie did not have 
this in her possession when she 
entered the Three Broomsticks, 
Leanne?

LEANNE

It’s like I said.  She went to the 
loo and when she came back she had 
the package.  She said it was 
important she deliver it.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Did she say to whom?

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

All right, Leanne.  You may go.
Why is it always you three?  Hm?  
When something happens?

RON

Believe me, Professor, I’ve been 
asking myself the same question 
for six years.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Severus.
Is this it?

SNAPE

What do you think?

SNAPE

I think Miss Bell is lucky to be 
alive.

HARRY

She was cursed, wasn’t she?  I 
know Katie.  Off the Quidditch 
pitch she wouldn’t hurt a fly.  If 
she was bringing that to someone, 
she wasn’t doing it knowingly.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Yes.  She was cursed.

HARRY

It was Malfoy.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

That’s a very serious accusation, 
Potter.

SNAPE

Indeed.  Your evidence?

HARRY

I... just... know.

SNAPE

You... just... know.  Once again 
you astonish with your gifts, 
Potter, gifts mere mortals could 
only dream of possessing.  How 
grand it must be to be the Chosen 
One.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

I suggest you return to your 
dormitory.  All of you.

RON

What do you suppose Dean sees in 
her?  Ginny.

HARRY

What does she see in him?

RON

Dean?  He’s brilliant.

HARRY

You called him a slick git not 
five hours ago.

RON

Yeah, well, he was running his 
hands all over my sister, wasn’t 
he?  Something snaps.  You’ve got 
to hate him.  You know, on 
principle.

HARRY

I suppose.

RON

So what is it?  He sees in her?

HARRY

I don’t know.  She’s smart.  
Funny.  Attractive...

RON

Attractive?

HARRY

You know.  She’s... got nice skin.

RON

Skin?  You’re saying Dean’s dating 
my sister because of her skin?

HARRY

Well, no.  I mean... I’m just 
saying it could be a contributing 
factor.

RON

Hermione’s got nice skin.  
Wouldn’t you say?  As skin goes, I 
mean.

HARRY

I’ve never really thought about 
it.  But I suppose, yeah.  Very 
nice.

HARRY

I think I’ll be going to sleep 
now.

RON

Right.

SLUGHORN 

A toast!

SLUGHORN

To Hogwarts’ best and brightest!

CORMAC

Here, here!

NEVILLE

Which one do I use for the soup?

SLUGHORN

So tell me, Cormac.  See much of 
your Uncle Tiberius these days?

CORMAC

Yes, sir.  In fact, I’m meant to 
go hunting with him and the 
Minister for Magic over holiday.

SLUGHORN

Well, be sure to give them both my 
best.  What about your uncle, 
Belby?  Working on anything new?
For those of you who don’t know, 
Marcus’ uncle invented the 
Wolfsbane Potion.

MARCUS BELBY

Dunno.  He and me dad don’t get 
on. Probably because Dad thinks 
potions are rubbish.  Says the 
only potion worth having is a 
stiff one at the end of the --

SLUGHORN

And you, Miss Granger?  What is it 
your family does in the Muggle 
world?

HERMIONE

My parents are dentists.  They 
tend to people’s teeth.

SLUGHORN

Fascinating.  And is that 
considered a dangerous profession?

HERMIONE

No.  Though, a boy named Robbie 
Fenwick did bite my father once.  
Needed ten stitches.

SLUGHORN

Miss Weasley!  Come in, come in.

GINNY

Sorry, I’m not ordinarily late -- 

SLUGHORN

No matter.  You’ll be just in time 
for dessert.  That is -- if Belby 
leaves you any.

HERMIONE

Look at her eyes.  They’ve been 
fighting again.  Her and Dean.

HARRY

What?

HERMIONE

Nothing.

SLUGHORN

Thank you, one and all, for a most 
stimulating evening.  We’ll have 
to do it again.

SLUGHORN

Oh.  Potter.

HARRY

Sorry, sir, I was just admiring 
your hourglass.

SLUGHORN

Ah, yes.  A most intriguing 
object.  The sands run in 
accordance to the quality of the 
conversation.  When it is 
stimulating, the sands run slow.  
When it is not...

HARRY

I think I’ll be going.

SLUGHORN

Nonsense.  You have nothing to 
fear, m’boy.  As for some of your 
classmates, well, let’s just say, 
they’re unlikely to make the 
shelf.

HARRY

The shelf, sir?

SLUGHORN

Anyone who aspires to be anyone 
hopes to end up here.  Then 
again... you are already someone 
aren’t you, Harry?

HARRY

I don’t really know how to answer 
that, sir.

SLUGHORN

Your mother was modest too.  Your 
father not so much.  As you can 
see, he did not make the shelf.

HARRY

Did Voldemort ever make the shelf, 
sir?

HARRY

You knew him, didn’t you, sir?  
Tom Riddle.  You were his teacher.

SLUGHORN

Mr. Riddle had many teachers while 
here at Hogwarts.

HARRY

What was he like?

HARRY

I’m sorry, sir.  Forgive me.  He 
killed my parents, you see...

SLUGHORN

Of course.  It’s only natural that 
you should want to know more.  I’m 
afraid I must disappoint you, 
Harry.  When I first met young Mr. 
Riddle, he was simply a quiet, 
albeit brilliant, boy committed to 
becoming a first-rate wizard.  Not 
unlike the others I’ve known.  In 
fact, not unlike... you.  If the 
monster existed, it was buried 
deep within.

NEVILLE

Good luck, eh, Ron?

SEAMUS

Counting on you, Ron.  I’ve two 
Galleons on Gryffindor.

RON

So.  How was it?

HERMIONE

How was what?

RON

Your dinner party.

HERMIONE

Dead boring.  Though I think Harry 
enjoyed dessert.

HERMIONE

Ol’ Sluggy’s having a Christmas 
do, you know.  And we’re meant to 
bring someone...

RON

I expect you’ll be going with 
McLaggen.  Isn’t he a member of 
the Slug Club?

HERMIONE

Actually, I was going to ask you.

RON

Really?

HERMIONE

Really.  But seeing as you have 
such a distaste for the idea --

LAVENDER BROWN

Good luck today, Ron!  I know 
you’ll be brilliant!

RON

I’m resigning.  After today’s 
match.  McLaggen can have my spot.

HARRY

Have it your way.  Juice?

RON

Sure...

LUNA

Hello, everyone.  You look 
dreadful, Ron.

LUNA

Is that why you just put something 
in his cup.  Is it a tonic?

HERMIONE

Don’t drink that, Ron!

HERMIONE

You could be expelled for that.

HARRY

Dunno what you’re talking about.

RON

C’mon, Harry.  We’ve got a game to 
win.

GINNY

What’s gotten into him?

DEAN

Ginny!  Let’s go!

CROWD

Weasley!  Weasley!  Weasley!

HERMIONE

Ron seems to be enjoying himself.

HARRY

Yep.  Apparently it’s his lucky 
day.

HERMIONE

You shouldn’t have done it, Harry.

HARRY

Yeah.  I suppose I could’ve just 
used, I dunno... a Confundus
charm?

HERMIONE

That was different.  It was 
tryouts.  This was an actual 
match --

HERMIONE

You didn’t put it in?
Ron only thought you did?

HERMIONE

Charms spell.  Just practicing.

HARRY

Ah.  Well... they’re really good.

HERMIONE

How does it feel, Harry?  When you 
see Dean with Ginny?
I know, Harry.  You’re my best 
friend.  I see how you look at 
her.

LAVENDER BROWN

Oops.  I think this room’s taken.

RON

What’s with the birds?

HERMIONE

Oppugno!

HARRY

It feels like this.

RON

Look, I can’t help it if she’s got 
her knickers in a twist.  What Lav 
and I have -- well, let’s just say 
there was no stopping it.  It’s 
chemical.  Will it last?  Who 
knows?  Point is, I’m a free 
agent.

HERMIONE

He’s at perfect liberty to kiss 
whomever he likes.  I really 
couldn’t care less.  Was I under 
the impression that he and I would 
be attending Slughorn’s Christmas 
party together?  Yes.  Of course, 
now, given the circumstances, I’ve 
had to make other arrangements.

HARRY

Have you?

HERMIONE

Yes.  Why?

HARRY

I just thought, you know, since 
neither one of us can take who 
we’d really like... maybe we’d go 
together.  As friends.

HERMIONE

Why didn’t I think of that?

HARRY

So who are you taking?

HERMIONE

Um... it’s a surprise.  Besides, 
it’s you we need to worry about.  
And you can’t pick just anyone.  
See that girl over there.  That’s 
Romilda Vane.  Rumor has it she’s 
trying to slip you a love potion.

HARRY

Really...?

HERMIONE

Hey! She’s only interested in you 
because she thinks you’re the 
Chosen One.  You know that, right?

HARRY

But I am the Chosen One.

HARRY

Okay.  Kidding.  I’ll just ask 
someone I like.  Someone cool.

LUNA

I’ve never been to this part of 
the castle.  At least not while 
awake.  I sleepwalk, you see.  
It’s why I wear shoes to bed.

SLUGHORN

Someone has taken a BITE out of it.
Thank you, Adrian!
One of mine.  Class of ‘78.  I had 
hoped for more out of him, but at 
least the pictures are in focus.
Oh my!  Excuse me, Harry.  I must 
greet the new Minister of Magical 
Transportation.  Class of ‘67.
Mingle, m’boy!  Mingle!  We’re all 
friends here.  And we run the 
world.

VOICE

Drink?

HARRY

Neville...?

NEVILLE

I didn’t make the cut for the Slug 
Club.  It’s okay.  He’s got Belby 
handing out towels in the loo.

ELDRED WORPLE

Lovegood, did you say?  I once 
encountered a seriously unbalanced 
man by that name at a book 
signing.  Claimed to run a 
magazine...

HARRY

What’re you doing?

HARRY

And what’s happened to you?

HERMIONE

Hm?  Oh, I’ve just escaped -- I 
mean, left Cormac.  Under the 
mistletoe.

HARRY

Cormac!  That’s who you invited!

HERMIONE

I thought it would annoy Ron most.  
But he’s a menace.  He’s got more 
tentacles than a Snarfalump plant.

WAITER

Dragon tartar?

HERMIONE

No thank you.

WAITER

Just as well.  They give one 
horribly bad breath.

HERMIONE

On second thought -- maybe it’ll 
keep Cormac at bay.  Oh no, here 
he comes!

HARRY

I think she went to powder her 
nose.

CORMAC

Slippery little minx, your friend.  
Likes to work her mouth too, 
doesn’t she?  Yak yak yak. What 
is this I’m eating, by the way?

HARRY

Dragon balls.

SNAPE

What’s going on back here?

SNAPE

You’ve just bought yourself a 
month’s detention, McLaggen.

SNAPE

Not so quick, Potter.

HARRY

I think I should rejoin the party, 
sir.  My date...

SNAPE

... can surely survive your 
absence for another minute or two.  

SNAPE

Besides, I only wish to convey a 
message.

HARRY

A message...?

SNAPE

From Professor Dumbledore.  He 
asked that I give you his best and 
that he hopes you enjoy your 
holiday.  You see, he’s traveling 
and won’t return until term 
resumes.

HARRY

Traveling?  Where?

MALFOY

Take your hands off me,  you 
filthy squib!

FILCH

Professor Slughorn, sir!  I’ve 
just discovered this boy lurking 
in an upstairs corridor.  He 
claims to have been invited to 
your party.

MALFOY

Okay, okay, I was gate-crashing.  
Happy?

SNAPE

I’ll escort him out.

MALFOY

Certainly... Professor.

MALFOY

Maybe I did hex that Bell girl.  
Maybe I didn’t.  What’s it to you?

SNAPE

I swore to protect you.  I made 
the Unbreakable Vow --

MALFOY

I don’t need protection.  I was 
chosen for this!  Out of all 
others.  Me!  And I won’t fail 
him.

SNAPE

You’re afraid, Draco.  You attempt 
to conceal it, but it’s obvious.  
Let me assist you --

MALFOY

No!  I was chosen.  This is my 
moment!

RON

Unbreakable Vow.  You’re sure 
that’s what Snape said.

HARRY

Positive.  Why?

RON

It’s just, well, you can’t break 
an Unbreakable Vow.

HARRY

I’d worked that much out for 
myself, funnily enough.

RON

No, you don’t understand -- Oh, 
bloody hell...

HARRY

Lovely.

RON

All she wants to do is snog me.  
My lips are getting chapped.  
Look.

HARRY

I’ll take your word for it.

HARRY

So what happens?  If you break an 
Unbreakable Vow?

RON

You die.

MRS. WEASLEY

Eat up, eat up, everyone!  There’s 
more to come!

HARRY

Draco’s plotting something, I know 
it, something to do with 
Voldemort.  He’s been given a task 
or a mission -- and Snape was 
offering to help.

LUPIN

Voldemort has chosen Draco Malfoy 
for a mission?

HARRY

I know it sounds mad --

LUPIN

Has it occurred to you, Harry, 
that Snape was simply pretending 
to offer Draco help so that he 
could find out what he’s up to?

HARRY

That’s not what it sounded like.

TONKS

Perhaps Harry’s right, Remus.  To 
make an Unbreakable Vow, after  
all --

LUPIN

It comes down to whether or not 
you trust Dumbledore’s judgement.  
He trusts Snape.  Therefore, I do.

HARRY

But Dumbledore can make mistakes.  
He’s said it himself --

LUPIN

You’re blinded by hatred.

HARRY

I’m not --

LUPIN

You are!  People are disappearing, 
Harry.  Daily.  We can only put 
our trust in a handful of people.  
If we start fighting amongst 
ourselves, we’re doomed.

GINNY

Open up, you.

GINNY

Don’t trust me?

HARRY

It’s good.

GINNY

‘Course ‘tis.  Made them myself.

MR. WEASLEY

You’ll have to forgive Remus.  It 
takes its toll -- his condition.

HARRY

Are you alright, Mr. Weasley?

MR. WEASLEY

We’re being followed, all of us.  
Molly doesn’t leave the house most 
days.  It’s not been easy.

HARRY

Did you get my owl?

MR. WEASLEY

Yes, but I thought it best if I 
replied in person.  If 
Dumbledore’s traveling, it’s news 
to the Ministry.  But perhaps 
that’s the way Dumbledore wants 
it.  As for Draco Malfoy -- I know 
a bit more.

HARRY

Go on.

MR. WEASLEY

I sent an agent to Borgin & 
Burkes.  From what you describe, I 
think what you and Ron saw at the 
end of the summer -- the object 
that Draco seemed so interested in 
-- was a Vanishing Cabinet.

HARRY

A Vanishing Cabinet?

MR. WEASLEY

They were all the rage when 
Voldemort first rose to power.  
You can imagine the appeal.  
Should the Death Eaters come 
calling, one needed only slip 
inside and disappear for an hour 
or two.  But they’re tricky 
contraptions.  Require a 
tremendous amount of looking 
after.  Eventually they fell out 
of favor.

HARRY

What happened to it?  The one at 
Borgin & Burkes?

MR. WEASLEY

Nothing.  It’s still there.

MR. WEASLEY

Harry.  You know, I went through 
all this before -- the last time 
around.  Times like these -- dark 
times -- do funny things to 
people.  It can bring them 
together and it can tear them 
apart.  Things... speed up.  It’s 
what happens when you don’t know 
if today will be your last.

TONKS

It was delicious, Molly.  Really.

MRS. WEASLEY

You’re sure you won’t stay?

TONKS

No, we should go.
The first night of the cycle is 
always the worst --

MRS. WEASLEY

Remus...?

GINNY

Everyone gone to bed?

HARRY

Soon.

GINNY

I don’t sleep these days.  So I 
wash my hair.  Silly, right?

GINNY

Happy Christmas, Harry.

TONKS

Sweetheart...

LUPIN

There’s someone out there.  I can 
smell him.  There’s more than   
one --

GINNY

Oh my god...

MR. WEASLEY

Harry, no!

TONKS

Remus!

MR. WEASLEY

Ginny, stay with your mother!

GINNY

No, Harry!  It’s a trap!

GREYBACK

Don’t you smell clean.

HERMIONE 

You’re lucky you weren’t killed.

HERMIONE

You have to realize who you are, 
Harry.

HARRY

I know who I am, Hermione, 
alright?

HERMIONE

Sorry.
So tell me what Arthur said.

HARRY

If Dumbledore’s traveling places, 
it’s news to the Ministry.  But 
get this:  that night at Borgin & 
Burkes?  It seems Draco was 
looking at a Vanishing Cabinet.

HERMIONE

What would Draco want with a 
Vanishing Cabinet?

HARRY

You tell me.

HERMIONE

He looks different, don’t you 
think?  Draco.  Almost... ill. 

HARRY

Who could tell the difference?

RON

Lav, c’mon. Of course I’ll wear 
it.

LAVENDER BROWN

That’s my Won-Won.

HERMIONE

Excuse me, I have to go vomit.

TOM RIDDLE

Sir, is it true that Professor 
Merrythought is retiring?

SLUGHORN

Now, Tom, I couldn’t tell you if I 
knew, could I?  I must say, m’boy, 
I’d like to know where you get 
your information.  More 
knowledgeable than half the staff, 
you are.
By the way, thank you for the 
pineapple -- you’re quite right, 
it is my favorite -- how is it you 
knew?

TOM RIDDLE

Intuition.

SLUGHORN

Good gracious, look at the time.  
Off you go, boys, or Professor 
Dippett will have us all in 
detention.  Lestrange, Avery, 
don’t forget your essays...

SLUGHORN

Look sharp, Tom.  You don’t want 
to be caught out of bed after 
hours...

TOM RIDDLE

I know a secret shortcut or two.

SLUGHORN

Yes, I imagine you do.  Something 
on your mind, Tom?

TOM RIDDLE

Yes, sir.  I couldn’t think of 
anyone else to go to.  The other 
professors, well, they’re not like 
you.  They might... misunderstand.

SLUGHORN

Go on.

TOM RIDDLE

I was in the library the other 
night, in the Restricted section, 
and I read something rather odd, 
about a bit of rare magic, and I 
thought perhaps you could 
illuminate me...

SLUGHORN

I don’t know anything about such 
things and I wouldn’t tell you if 
I did!  Now get out of here at 
once and don’t ever let me catch 
you mentioning it again!

DUMBLEDORE

Confused?  I would be surprised if 
you weren’t.

HARRY

I don’t understand -- what 
happened?

DUMBLEDORE

This is perhaps the most important 
memory I’ve collected.  It’s also 
a lie.
This memory has been tampered 
with.  In this case by the person 
whose memory it is, our friend 
Professor Slughorn.

HARRY

But why would he tamper with his 
own memory?

DUMBLEDORE

I suspect he is ashamed of it.

HARRY

Why?

DUMBLEDORE

Why indeed.

DUMBLEDORE

I asked you to get to know 
Professor Slughorn and you’ve done 
so.  

DUMBLEDORE

Now I want you to persuade him to 
divulge his true memory.  Any way 
you can.

HARRY

I don’t know him that well, sir -- 

DUMBLEDORE

You’re the Chosen One, Harry.  And 
Horace is, at heart, a decent man.  
Provide the proper circumstances 
and he will confess his sins.

DUMBLEDORE

This memory is everything, Harry.  
Without it, we are blind. Without 
it, we leave the fate of our world 
to chance.  You have no choice.  
You must not fail.

SLUGHORN

Now don’t forget to look over the 
chapter on antidotes.  I’ll be 
poisoning one of you next time we 
meet.  I’m joking!  Off you go!  
Don’t forget your rattails, Miss 
Alys.

SLUGHORN

Ah! If it isn’t the Prince of 
Potions himself!  To what do I owe 
the pleasure?

HARRY

Well, sir, I wondered if I might 
ask you something.

SLUGHORN

Ask away, my dear boy, ask away!

HARRY

Well, you see, the other day I was 
in the Restricted Section -- in 
the library -- and I stumbled upon 
something rather odd while 
reading.  Something about a bit of 
rare magic...

SLUGHORN

Yes?  And exactly what was this 
rare magic.

HARRY

I’m not sure... That is, I don’t 
recall the name... exactly.  But 
it got me wondering... Are there 
some kinds of magic you’re not 
allowed to teach?

SLUGHORN

I’m a Potions Professor, Harry.  
Perhaps your question would best 
be posed to Professor Snape.

HARRY

Yes, well, we don’t exactly see 
eye-to-eye, sir.  What I mean to 
say is, he’s not like you.  He 
might... misunderstand.

SLUGHORN

There can be no light without the 
dark.  And so it is with magic.  
Myself, I have always strived to 
live within the light.  I suggest 
you do the same.

HARRY

Did you say the same to Tom 
Riddle, sir?  When he came asking 
questions.

SLUGHORN

Dumbledore put you up to this.  
Didn’t he?  Didn’t he!

HARRY

Sir -- 

HERMIONE

Dead.
Did you actually expect you could 
just walk up to Ol’ Sluggy and ask 
him to reveal his deepest, darkest 
secret?  Honestly, Harry, 
sometimes I think the Daily 
Prophet should call you the Dim 
One.

HARRY

Nice.

HERMIONE

You’re going to have to persuade
him somehow.  And now, I’m afraid, 
you’ve made it a lot harder.

HARRY

Hermione.  I think Malfoy’s 
leaving the castle.

HARRY

I’ve seen it.  Sometimes... 
sometimes he just disappears off 
the Map.

HERMIONE

That’s... not possible.  No one 
can leave the castle these days.  
The Map is wrong.

HARRY

The Map is never wrong.

RON

It’s beautiful, isn’t it?  The 
moon.

HARRY

Divine.  Had ourselves a little 
late-night snack, did we?

RON

It was on your bed.  The box.  
Thought I’d try one...

HARRY

Or twenty.

RON

I can’t stop thinking about her, 
Harry.

HARRY

Really?  Honestly, I reckoned she 
was starting to annoy you.

RON

She could never annoy me.  I 
think... I think I love her.

HARRY

Excuse me?

HARRY

Well... Brilliant.

RON

Do you think she knows I exist?

HARRY

Bloody well hope so.  She’s been 
snogging you for three months.

RON

Snogging?  Who’re you talking 
about?

HARRY

Who’re you talking about?

RON

Romilda, of course.  Romilda Vane.

HARRY

Okay.  Very funny.

HARRY

What the hell was that for?

RON

It’s no joke!  I’m in love with 
her!

HARRY

Okay!  Fine!  You’re in love with 
her!  Have you ever actually met
her!

RON

No.  Can you introduce me?

HARRY

Ron, these chocolates, they’re -- 
C’mon.  I’m going to introduce you 
to Romilda Vane.

RON

How do I look?

HARRY

Devastatingly handsome.

SLUGHORN

Damn it all!

SLUGHORN

Yes???!!!!
Oh.  Potter.  It’s you.  I’m 
afraid I’m busy at the moment -- 

HARRY

Sir.  I’m sorry.  I wouldn’t 
bother you if it weren’t 
absolutely -- 

RON

Where’s Romilda?

SLUGHORN

What’s the matter with Wenby?

SLUGHORN

Ah.  Very well.  Bring him in.

SLUGHORN

I’d have thought you could whip up 
a remedy for this in no time, 
Harry -- an expert potioneer like 
you.

HARRY

I figured this called for a more 
practiced hand, sir.

RON

Hello, darling.  Fancy a drink?

SLUGHORN

Hm.  Perhaps you’re right.

HARRY

I’m sorry, sir.  About the other 
day.  Our... misunderstanding.

SLUGHORN

Yes, well, water under the bridge 
as they say, correct?

HARRY

I mean, I’m sure you’re tired of 
it, after all these years.  The 
questions.  About... Voldemort.

SLUGHORN

I’ll ask you not to use that name.

HARRY

Yes, sir.  It’s just, well, 
Dumbledore once said that fear of 
a name only increases fear of the 
thing itself.  It seemed sensible.

SLUGHORN

With all due respect, Dumbledore 
sometimes forgets that most of us 
do not possess powers so great 
that we can risk offending the 
most dangerous Dark Lord who ever 
lived.

SLUGHORN

Alright, m’boy!  Bottoms up!

RON

What’s this?

SLUGHORN

A tonic for the nerves.

RON

What happened to me?

HARRY

Love potion.

SLUGHORN

And a bloody strong one at that.

RON

I feel really... bad.

SLUGHORN

Pick-me-up’s what you need, m’boy.
Do us all good, I think.  I’ve got 
butterbeer, wine -- ah -- and a 
dazzling oak-matured mead.  I had 
other intentions for this but 
given the circumstances...

SLUGHORN

There we are, Potter.  To life!

HARRY

Ron!  Ron!!!  Professor, help him!

SLUGHORN

I d-don’t understand --

HARRY

Professor!  Do something!!

HARRY

He’s choking!!

HARRY

Breathe!  C’mon, Ron, don’t be a 
prat.  Breathe!  BREATHE!

RON

These girls are gonna kill me, 
Harry.

DUMBLEDORE

Quick thinking on your part, 
Harry.  Using a Bezoar.  You must 
be very proud of your student, eh, 
Horace?

SLUGHORN

Hm?  Oh.  Yes... very proud.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

I think we all agree that Mr. 
Potter’s actions were heroic.  The 
question is:  Why were they 
necessary.

DUMBLEDORE

Why indeed.

DUMBLEDORE

This appears to be a gift, Horace.  
You don’t by chance remember who 
gave you this bottle, do you -- 
which by the way possesses 
remarkably subtle hints of 
licorice and cherry when not 
polluted with poison.

SLUGHORN

Actually I had intended to give it 
as a gift myself.

DUMBLEDORE

To whom might I ask?

SLUGHORN

You, Headmaster.

LAVENDER BROWN

Where is he?  Where’s my Won-Won!  
Has he been asking for me?
What’s she doing here?

HERMIONE

I might ask you the same.

LAVENDER BROWN

I happen to be his girlfriend.

HERMIONE

I happen to be his... friend.

LAVENDER BROWN

Don’t make me laugh.  You haven’t 
spoken in weeks.  I suppose you 
want to make up with him now that 
he’s suddenly all interesting.

HERMIONE

He’s been poisoned, you daft 
dimbo! And for the record, I’ve 
always found him interesting.

LAVENDER BROWN

Ha!  See? He senses my presence.  
I’m here, Won-Won. I’m here --

RON

Er... My... Nee... Er!  My!  Nee!

DUMBLEDORE

Ah, to be young and feel love’s 
keen sting.  Come, everyone, I 
think Mr. Weasley is well tended.

GINNY

‘Bout time, don’t you think?

SLUGHORN

I’ve always cherished my students.  
They’re my life...

HERMIONE

Oh shut up.

HERMIONE

Ron.  Stop.  You’re making it 
snow.

RON

Huh?

RON

Tell me again how I broke up with 
Lavender?

HERMIONE

Um, well, she came to visit you in 
the hospital, you see, and you 
talked -- I don’t believe it was a 
long conversation --

RON

Don’t get me wrong.  I’m bloody 
thrilled to be shot of her.  It’s 
just she seems... a bit put out.

HERMIONE

Does, doesn’t she?  And you say 
you don’t remember a thing from 
that night?  Not one thing?

RON

Well... there is... something.
But no.  It can’t be.  Besides, I 
was completely boggled, wasn’t I?

HERMIONE

Right.  Boggled...

HERMIONE

That’s Katie.  That’s Katie Bell.

HARRY

How are you, Katie?

KATIE BELL

Give me a moment, girls.

KATIE BELL

I know you’re going to ask, Harry.  
But I don’t know who cursed me.  
I’ve tried to remember.  Honestly.  
But I just... can’t...

MALFOY

Cruci--

HARRY

Sectumsempra!

MALFOY

Don’t touch me!  Don’t you dare 
touch me!

GINNY

You have to get rid of it.  Today.

GINNY

Take my hand.

HARRY

The Room of Requirement...

GINNY

Over the years, if someone had a 
secret, if they wanted to conceal 
something, this is where they 
came.  Some of these things are 
almost as old as the castle 
itself.

HARRY

Who showed you this?  First.

GINNY

Fred and George.  First year.  I 
hid Tom Riddle’s diary here for a 
time.  Wish I’d left it...

GINNY

What was that?

GINNY

See, you never know what you’ll 
find up here.

GINNY

All right.  Close your eyes.  That 
way you can’t be tempted.

GINNY

There’s something else.  Another 
secret of sorts.  One of mine...

GINNY

That can stay hidden up here too, 
if you like.

RON

So.  Did you and Ginny do it?

HARRY

What?

RON

You know.  Hide the book.

HARRY

Oh.  Yeah.

RON

Still no luck with Slughorn, I 
take it?

HARRY

Say that again.

HERMIONE

Well?  How do you feel?

HARRY

Excellent.  Really excellent.

HERMIONE

Now remember.  Slughorn usually 
eats early, takes a short walk and 
then returns to his office.

HARRY

Right.  I’m going down to 
Hagrid’s.

HERMIONE

What?  No, Harry -- you’ve got to 
go see Slughorn.  We have a plan --

HARRY

No.  I’ve got a good feeling about 
going to Hagrid’s.  I feel like 
it’s the place to be tonight, know 
what I mean?

HERMIONE

No.

RON

No.

HARRY

Trust me.  I know what I’m doing.  
Or at least Felix does.

SLUGHORN

Merlin’s beard, Harry!

HARRY

Sorry, sir.  I should’ve announced 
myself.  Cleared my throat.  
Coughed.  You probably feared I 
was Madam Sprout.

SLUGHORN

Well, yes, actually --
Why would you think that?

HARRY

Just the general behavior, sir.  
The sneaking around.  The jumping 
when you saw me.  By the way, 
those Tentacula leaves -- they’re 
quite valuable, aren’t they?

SLUGHORN

Ten galleons a leaf to the right 
buyer -- not that I’m familiar 
with such back alley transactions.  
One hears rumors is all.  My own 
interests are purely academic, of 
course.

HARRY

Personally, these plants have 
always kind of freaked me out.

SLUGHORN

Exactly how did you get out of the 
castle, Harry?

HARRY

Through the front doors, sir.  I’m 
off to Hagrid’s, you see.  He’s a 
very dear friend and I felt like 
paying him a visit.  So if you 
don’t mind, I’ll be going.

SLUGHORN

Harry!

HARRY

Sir?

SLUGHORN

It’s nearly nightfall.  Surely you 
realize I can’t allow you to roam 
the grounds all by yourself.

HARRY

Well, then by all means come 
along, sir.

SLUGHORN

Harry, I must insist you accompany 
me back to the castle immediately!

HARRY

That would be counterproductive, 
sir.

SLUGHORN

And what makes you say that?

HARRY

No idea.

SLUGHORN

Merlin’s beard...

SLUGHORN

Is that an actual Acromantula?

HARRY

A dead one, I think, sir.

HAGRID

‘Arry.  ‘Orace.

SLUGHORN

My god, dear man.  How did you 
ever manage to kill it?

HAGRID

Kill ‘im! Me oldest friend, ‘e 
was!

SLUGHORN

I’m sorry, I... didn’t realize.

HAGRID

Ah, don’ worry yerself.  Yer not 
alone.  Seriously misunderstood 
creatures -- spiders.  It’s the 
eyes, I reckon.  Unnerve people.

HARRY

Not to mention the pincers.

HAGRID

I reckon that too... How’d yeh get 
outta the castle anyways?

HARRY

Through the front doors.

SLUGHORN

Hagrid.  I wouldn’t want to be 
indelicate, but Acromantula venom 
is uncommonly rare and, well, if 
you wouldn’t mind my extracting a  
vial or two -- purely for academic 
pursuits...

HAGRID

Don’ suppose it’s doin’ ‘im any 
good, izzit?

SLUGHORN

My thoughts exactly!  Always carry 
a few spare ampoules for just such 
occasions.  Old Potion Master’s 
habit, you know...

HAGRID

Wish yeh coulda seen ‘im in ‘is 
prime.  Magnificent ‘e was.  Jus’ 
magnificent...

SLUGHORN

Why don’t I say a few words?  I 
trust he had family?

HARRY

Oh yeah.

SLUGHORN

Farewell...

HAGRID

Aragog.

SLUGHORN

Farewell, Aragog, king of 
arachnids.  Though your body will 
decay, your spirit lingers on in 
the quiet, web-spun places of your 
Forest home.  May your many-eyed 
descendents ever flourish and your 
human friends find solace for the 
loss they have sustained.

HAGRID

Tha’ was... tha’ was... beautiful.

HAGRID 

And Odo the hero, they bore him 
back home...

SLUGHORN

And Odo the hero, they bore him 
back home...

HAGRID

To the place he’d known as a lad, 
They laid him to rest with his hat 
inside out and his wand snapped in 
two, which was sad...

HAGRID

I had ‘im from an egg, yeh know.  
Tiny little thing he was when he 
hatched.  No bigger’n a Pekinese.

SLUGHORN

Sweet.  I once had a fish.  
Francis.  Lovely little thing.  
One day I came downstairs and he’d 
vanished.  Poof.

HAGRID

Tha’s odd.

SLUGHORN

Isn’t it?  That’s life, I suppose.  
One goes along and then... poof.

SLUGHORN

That’s never unicorn hair, Hagrid?

SLUGHORN

Hagrid looks up, reels a bit.  Nods.

SLUGHORN

But my dear chap, do you know how 
much that’s worth?

HAGRID

No idea... no idea at all...

SLUGHORN

It was a student who gave me 
Francis.  One spring afternoon I 
discovered a bowl upon my desk 
with a few inches of clear water.  
There was a flower petal floating 
upon the surface.  As I watched, 
the petal sank, but just before it 
touched bottom... it transformed.  
Into a wee fish.  It was beautiful 
magic, wondrous to behold.  The 
petal had come from a lily.

SLUGHORN

Your mother.  The day I came 
downstairs, the day I found the 
bowl empty... was the day she...

SLUGHORN

I know what you want.  But I can’t 
give it to you.  It will ruin 
me...

HARRY

Do you know why I survived?  The 
night I got this.

HARRY

Because of her.  Because she 
sacrificed herself.  Because she 
refused to step aside.  Because 
her love was more powerful than 
Voldemort.

SLUGHORN

Please don’t say his --

HARRY

I’m not afraid of the name, 
Professor.  And I’m not afraid of 
him.  And you shouldn’t be either.  
She didn’t just die for me that 
night.  She died for you too.  She 
died for everyone who’s ever woken 
in the middle of the night afraid 
a Death Eater waited on their 
doorstep.

HARRY

Professor.  I’m going to tell you 
something, something others have 
only guessed at.  It’s true.  I am 
the Chosen One.

HARRY

Only I can kill him.  But in order 
to do so, I need to know what Tom 
Riddle asked you that night in 
your office all those years ago.  
And I need to know what you told 
him.

HARRY

Be brave, Professor.  Be brave 
like my mother.  Otherwise you 
disgrace her.  Otherwise she died 
for nothing.  Otherwise, the bowl 
remains empty forever.

SLUGHORN

Don’t think too badly of me once 
you’ve seen it.  You don’t know 
what he was like... even then.

DUMBLEDORE

How is he?  Horace?

TOM RIDDLE

Sir, is it true that Professor 
Merrythought is retiring?

SLUGHORN

Now, Tom, I couldn’t tell you if I 
knew, could I?  I must say, m’boy, 
I’d like to know where you get 
your information.  More 
knowledgable than half the staff, 
you are.
By the way, thank you for the 
pineapple -- you’re quite right, 
it is my favorite -- how is it you 
knew?

TOM RIDDLE

Intuition.

SLUGHORN

Good gracious, is it that time 
already?  Off you go, boys, or 
Professor Dippett will have us all 
in detention.  Lestrange, Avery, 
don’t forget your essays...

SLUGHORN

Look sharp, Tom.  You don’t want 
to be caught out of bed after 
hours...

TOM RIDDLE

I know a secret shortcut or two.

SLUGHORN

Yes, I imagine you do.  Something 
on your mind, Tom?

TOM RIDDLE

Yes, sir.  I couldn’t think of 
anyone else to go to.  The other 
Professors, well, they’re not like 
you.  They might... misunderstand.

SLUGHORN

Go on.

TOM RIDDLE

I was in the library the other 
night, in the Restricted section, 
and I read something rather odd, 
about a bit of rare magic and I 
thought perhaps you could 
illuminate me.  It’s called, as I 
understand it... a Horcrux.

SLUGHORN

Excuse me?

TOM RIDDLE

Horcrux.  I came across the term 
while reading and I didn’t fully 
understand it.

SLUGHORN

I’m not sure what you were 
reading, Tom, but that’s very Dark 
stuff, very Dark indeed.

TOM RIDDLE

Yes, sir.  Which is why I came to 
you.  I mean no disrespect to the 
rest of the staff, but I thought 
if anyone could tell me... it 
would be you.

SLUGHORN

A Horcrux is an object in which a 
person has concealed part of their 
soul.

TOM RIDDLE

Yes, I thought it might be 
something like that.  But I don’t 
understand how that works, sir.

SLUGHORN

One splits one’s soul and hides 
part of it in an object.  By doing 
so, you are protected should you 
be attacked and your body 
destroyed.

TOM RIDDLE

Protected?

SLUGHORN

That part of your soul that was 
hidden, lives on.  In other words, 
you cannot die.

TOM RIDDLE

How does one split his soul, sir?

SLUGHORN

I think you can guess the answer 
to that, Tom.

TOM RIDDLE

Murder.

SLUGHORN

Yes.  Killing rips the soul apart.  
It is a violation against nature.  
After, one is never the same.

TOM RIDDLE

Out of curiosity, sir -- can you 
only split your soul once?  For 
instance, isn’t seven the most 
powerfully magical number --

SLUGHORN

Seven!  Merlin’s beard, Tom!  
Isn’t it bad enough to think of 
killing one person?  To rip the 
soul into seven pieces...

SLUGHORN
This is all hypothetical, isn’t 
it, Tom?  All academic...

TOM RIDDLE

Of course, sir.  And I promise 
I’ll not speak of our 
conversation.  It’ll be our little 
secret...

HARRY

Sir --

DUMBLEDORE

This is beyond anything I 
imagined.  In my life I have seen 
things that are unimaginably 
horrific.  I know now... you will 
see worse.

HARRY

Do you mean to say he succeeded, 
sir?  In making a Horcrux?

DUMBLEDORE

Oh he succeeded.  And not just 
once.  Think, Harry.  He’s just 
told us.

HARRY

Seven.  He made seven -- the most 
powerfully magical number.  But... 
what are they exactly?

DUMBLEDORE

They can be anything.  The most 
commonplace of objects.  A ring, 
for example.  Or a book...

HARRY

Tom Riddle’s diary --

DUMBLEDORE

It’s a Horcrux, yes.  Four years 
ago, when you saved Ginny 
Weasley’s life in the Chamber of 
Secrets, when you brought me   
this I knew.  This was a different kind 
of magic.  Very dark.  Very 
powerful.  But until tonight, I 
had no idea just how powerful...

HARRY

And the ring...?

DUMBLEDORE

Belonged to Voldemort’s mother.  
It was difficult to find and...

HARRY

... even more difficult to 
destroy.
But if you could find them all.  
If you did destroy each Horcrux...

DUMBLEDORE

One destroys Voldemort.

HARRY

But how would you find them?  They 
could be hidden anywhere, couldn’t 
they...

DUMBLEDORE

True.  But magic, especially Dark 
magic...

DUMBLEDORE

... leaves traces.

HARRY

It’s where you’ve been going, 
isn’t it, sir?  When you leave the 
school.

DUMBLEDORE

Yes.  And I think... perhaps... I 
may have found another.  But this 
time I cannot hope to destroy it 
alone.

DUMBLEDORE

Once again, I shall ask too much 
of you.

HERMIONE

Harry.  It’s time.

HARRY

Hermione, is the Room of 
Requirement unplottable?

HERMIONE

If one wants it to be.  Why?

HARRY

It would explain why I thought 
Malfoy was leaving the castle when 
he disappeared off the Map.

HARRY

He was going to the Room of 
Requirement.

HERMIONE

Of course, and that explains the 
Vanishing Cabinet as well!

RON

No.  I got an owl from Dad this 
morning.  The one at Borgin & 
Burke’s?  It’s still there.

HARRY

But I’m telling you.  I saw it -- 

HARRY

What if there are two?  Vanishing 
cabinets.

HERMIONE

What if there are?

HARRY

I don’t know...

RON

Good luck, mate.

HARRY

I don’t need luck.  I’ll be with 
Dumbledore.

SNAPE

Have you ever considered that you 
ask too much?  That you take too 
much for granted?  Has it ever 
crossed your brilliant mind that I 
don’t want to do this anymore?

DUMBLEDORE

Whether it has or hasn’t is 
irrelevant.  I will not negotiate 
this with you, Severus.  You 
agreed.  There’s nothing more to 
discuss.

DUMBLEDORE

Harry.  You need a shave, my 
friend.

DUMBLEDORE

At times I forget how much you’ve 
grown.  At times I still see the 
small boy from the cupboard.
Forgive my mawkishness, Harry.  I 
am an old man.

HARRY

You look the same to me, sir.

DUMBLEDORE

Like your mother, you are 
unfailingly kind.  

DUMBLEDORE

A trait people never fail to 
undervalue.  I’m afraid.

DUMBLEDORE

The place to which we journey 
tonight is exceedingly dangerous, 
Harry.  I promised that you could 
accompany me and I stand by that 
promise.  But there is a 
condition:  You must obey any 
command I give you -- without 
question.

HARRY

Yes, sir.

DUMBLEDORE

Understand what I’m saying.  
Should I tell you to hide, you 
must hide.  

DUMBLEDORE

Should I tell you to run, you will 
run.  

DUMBLEDORE

And should I tell you to abandon 
me and save yourself...

DUMBLEDORE

You will do so.

DUMBLEDORE

Your word, Harry.

HARRY

My word.

DUMBLEDORE

Take my arm.

HARRY

Sir, I thought one couldn’t 
Apparate within Hogwarts.

DUMBLEDORE

Being me has its privileges.

HARRY

It’s there, isn’t it?

DUMBLEDORE

This is the place.  Oh yes, this 
place has known magic.
Where you stand, Harry, Tom Riddle 
once stood many, many years ago, 
when he was but a poor orphan boy 
with a penchant for cruelty...

DUMBLEDORE

One wintry afternoon, he lured two 
younger classmates to this cave.  
What happened is unclear.  But 
this much is known:  the children 
were damaged.

HARRY

Sir!

DUMBLEDORE

In order to gain passage, payment 
must be made, payment intended to 
weaken any intruder.

HARRY

You should’ve let me, sir.

DUMBLEDORE

Oh, no, Harry.  Your blood is much 
more precious than mine.

DUMBLEDORE

Careful.  The water.

DUMBLEDORE

It’s there.  The only question is 
how do we get to it?

HARRY

We couldn’t, perhaps, just try a 
Summoning Charm, sir?

HARRY

Accio Horcrux!

DUMBLEDORE

Perhaps not.

DUMBLEDORE

If you would, Harry...

HARRY

Sir... have you ever taken Felix 
Felicis?

DUMBLEDORE

Only recreationally.  You see, I 
believe one creates one’s own 
luck.

HARRY

Professor... there are bodies in 
this lake.

DUMBLEDORE

Yes.

DUMBLEDORE

Remember... the water.

HARRY

Do you think the Horcrux is in 
there, sir?

DUMBLEDORE

Oh yes.

DUMBLEDORE

It has to be drunk.

DUMBLEDORE

You remember the condition on 
which I brought you with me?
This potion might paralyze me.  It 
might cause me to forget why I’m 
here.  It might create so much 
pain I beg for relief.  You are 
not to indulge these requests, 
Harry.  It is your job to make 
sure I keep drinking this potion 
even if you have to force it down 
my throat.  Understood?

HARRY

Why can’t I drink it, sir?

DUMBLEDORE

Because I am much older, much 
cleverer... and much less 
valuable.
Your good health, Harry.

HARRY

Professor?

HARRY

Professor?  Can you hear me?

DUMBLEDORE

Don’t... don’t make me...

HARRY

You... you can’t stop, Professor.  
You’ve got to keep drinking.  Like 
you said.  Remember.

DUMBLEDORE

Nooooooo!!!

DUMBLEDORE

Make it stop... Please... make it 
stop...

HARRY

It will, sir.  It’ll stop.  But 
only if you drink...

DUMBLEDORE

My fault.  It’s all my fault...

DUMBLEDORE

Too much... I can’t... take it... 
I want... to die... kill... kill 
me... KILL ME, HARRY!

HARRY

What?

DUMBLEDORE

Your word, Harry!  Your word!

HARRY

No...

DUMBLEDORE

Kill me!  It’s the only way!

HARRY

One more.  Just one more.  And 
then -- I promise... I’ll do what 
you say.

HARRY

I promise.

DUMBLEDORE

Water.
Water...

DUMBLEDORE

Aguamenti.

HARRY

You did it, sir.  Look --

DUMBLEDORE

Water!

HARRY

I’m trying, sir.  I’m --

DUMBLEDORE

Go...

DUMBLEDORE

We have to... go.

HARRY

Don’t worry, sir.  We’re nearly 
there.

DUMBLEDORE

I am not worried, Harry.  I am 
with you.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

To your Houses.  No dawdling.

HARRY

We need to get you up to the 
hospital, sir, to Madam Pomfrey --

DUMBLEDORE

No.  Severus... Severus is who I 
need... Go and wake him... Tell 
him what has happened... 

DUMBLEDORE

Speak to no one else... I... I 
shall wait here...

HARRY

All right.  Okay.

HARRY

Sir, are you... praying?

DUMBLEDORE

No, Harry.  I do not pray.  I was 
merely closing a window -- the one 
that had allowed us to Apparate.

DUMBLEDORE

Hide yourself below.  And do not 
speak or show yourself without my 
permission.  No matter what.

DUMBLEDORE

Do as I say, Harry.

DUMBLEDORE

Trust me.

DUMBLEDORE

Good evening, Draco.  What brings 
you out on such a fine Spring 
evening?  Or is it Summer?

MALFOY

Who else is here?  I heard you 
talking.

DUMBLEDORE

I often talk aloud to myself.  I 
find it extraordinarily useful.  
That which sounds sane at a 
whisper can seem utterly mad when 
said for all the world to hear.  
Haven’t been whispering to 
yourself, have you, Draco?

DUMBLEDORE

You are not an assassin, Draco.

MALFOY

How do you know what I am?  I’ve 
done things that would shock you.

DUMBLEDORE

Like cursing Katie Bell and hoping 
she would, in turn, bear a cursed 
necklace to me?  Like replacing a 
bottle of mead with one laced with 
poison.  Forgive me, Draco, but 
these are attempts so feeble I 
cannot help but question if your 
heart has been really in them.  
I’m curious.  When Voldemort gave 
you this task, when he asked you 
to kill me, was it in a whisper?

MALFOY

He trusts me!  I was chosen!

DUMBLEDORE

Then I shall make it easy for you.

MALFOY

Expelliarumus!

DUMBLEDORE

Well done, Draco.  But I warn you.  
Killing is not nearly as easy.

DUMBLEDORE

You’re not alone.  Are you.  There 
are others.  How?

MALFOY

The Vanishing Cabinet in the Room 
of Requirement.

DUMBLEDORE

That cabinet has been broken for 
years.

MALFOY

I’ve been mending it.

DUMBLEDORE

Ingenious.  Let me guess.  It has 
a sister.  A twin.

MALFOY

In Borgin & Burkes.  They form --

DUMBLEDORE

A passage, yes.  Very good.
I once knew a boy years ago who 
made all the wrong choices.  Let 
me help you, Draco.

MALFOY

I don’t want your help!  Don’t you 
see!  I have to do it!  I have to!
I’ve got to kill you or he’ll kill 
me.

DUMBLEDORE

Say that again, Draco.  But aloud 
this time.

BELLATRIX

Well now, look what we have here.  
Dumbledore.  Wandless and alone.  

BELLATRIX

Cornered in his own castle.  Well 
done, Draco.

DUMBLEDORE

Good evening, Bellatrix.  I think 
introductions are in order.

BELLATRIX

Love to, Albus.  But I’m afraid 
we’re on a bit of a tight 
schedule.

GREYBACK

Do it.

BELLATRIX

He doesn’t have the stomach.  Like 
his father.  Let me finish him.  
In my own way.

SNAPE

No!  The Dark Lord was clear.  The 
boy’s to do it.  Go on, Draco.  
Now!

SNAPE

No.

DUMBLEDORE

Severus...

BELLATRIX

Well, look who’s here.  Hogwarts 
own Defense Against the Dark Arts 
teacher.  Come to see the 
slaughter?

DUMBLEDORE

Severus... please.

SNAPE

I gave my word.  I made a vow...

SNAPE

Avada Kedavra!

SNAPE

You can no longer stay here.

BELLATRIX

Boo.

BELLATRIX

Draco!  Draco!
They’ll kill you if you stay.

SNAPE

Go on!

SNAPE

Go on!

HARRY

Cruciatus!

HARRY

Incacerata!

HARRY

Impedimenta!

HARRY

Fight!  Fight back, you coward!

SNAPE

Don’t ever associate that word and 
my name again.

SNAPE

No!  He belongs to the Dark Lord!

HARRY

Sectumsempra!

SNAPE

You dare use my own spells against 
me, Potter?

SNAPE

You may have gotten your mother’s 
eyes, but you’re as dim as your 
father.  Yes.  It’s me.  I’m the 
Half-Blood Prince.

HARRY

Hagrid... HAGRID!

HARRY

Hagrid!  You alright?

HAGRID

Take more’n tha’ ter finish me 
off.  Not sure about me ‘ouse, 
tho’.  But if anybody can put it 
righ’, Dumbledore can.

HARRY

Hagrid, Dumbledore --

HAGRID

Only thing I can’t reckon is wha’ 
Snape was doin’ with tha’ lot.

HAGRID

An’ wha’s this wi’ the Dark Mar’?  
Who’s been killed?
Where’s Dumbledore, ‘arry?  
Where’s Dumbledore!!

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Potter.

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

Potter, in light of what’s 
happened... should you feel the 
need to talk to someone...

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

You should know... Professor 
Dumbledore...

PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL

You meant a great deal to him.

HERMIONE

Dumbledore.

HARRY

Do you think he would’ve done it.  
Draco?

HARRY

No.  He was lowering his wand.  In 
the end, it was Snape.  It was 
always Snape.  And I did 
nothing...

HERMIONE

Strange.  Thinking this is a piece 
of Voldemort’s soul...

HARRY

Yeah, strange.  Only... it’s not.  
It’s a fake.

HARRY

Go on.  Open it.

HERMIONE

‘To the Dark Lord.  I know I will 
be dead long before you read this 
but I want you to know that it was 
I who discovered your secret.  I 
have stolen the real Horcrux and 
intend to destroy it as soon as I 
can.  I face death in the hope 
that when you meet your match, you 
will be mortal once more.  R.A.B.’
R.A.B.?

HARRY

Dunno.  But whoever they are, they 
have the real Horcrux.  Which 
means, it was a waste.  All of it.

HERMIONE

Ron’s okay with it, you know.  You 
and Ginny.  But if I were you, 
when he’s around, I’d keep the 
snogging to a minimum.

HARRY

I’m not coming back, Hermione.

HERMIONE

We reckoned -- Ron and me.  

HARRY

I have to finish what Dumbledore 
started. I’m not sure where that 
will lead me... but I’ll let you 
and Ron konw where I am -- when I 
can.  (ALT:  I have to finish what 
Dumbledore started.  And... I have 
to do it alone.)

HERMIONE

I’ve always admired your courage, 
Harry, but sometimes... you’re 
really thick.

HERMIONE

You don’t honestly think you can 
find all those Horcruxes by 
yourself, do you?
You need us, Harry.

HARRY

Yeah.  I do.  But do me a favor.  
When I’m around?  Keep the 
snogging to a minimum.

HERMIONE

Like that’s going to happen.

HERMIONE

Besides, he’s barking.

HARRY

Funny, he says the same about you.

HERMIONE

Yes, but I’m exceptionally 
perceptive.

HARRY

You’re brilliant.  You both are.

HERMIONE

Do you think we’ll ever... come 
back?

HARRY

I don’t know.
