SCRIMGEOUR

These are dark times, there is no 
denying.  Our world has perhaps 
faced no greater threat than it 
does today.  But I say this to our 
citizenry:  we, ever your 
servants, continue to defend your 
liberty and repel the forces that 
would seek to take it from you.  
Your Ministry remains strong...

MRS. GRANGER

Hermione.  Your tea is ready, 
dear.

HERMIONE

Coming, Mum.

MRS. GRANGER

Don’t you look lovely.  All 
packed?

MR. GRANGER

Are you sure these biscuits are 
sugar-free?

MRS. GRANGER

Quite sure, dear.  See the big 
bold letters that say ‘Sugar 
Free’?  Dead giveaway.

MR. GRANGER

Mm.  Yes.
Hello, kitten.  Don’t you look 
lovely.

TELEVISION 

... the bandicoot has small 
pointed ears and a long snout from 
which it emits a distinctive 
trumpet sound when agitated...

MRS. GRANGER

Darling, don’t be suspicious the 
biscuits taste so good, be 
grateful the company’s so 
clever...

HERMIONE

Obliviate.

HERMIONE

Goodbye.

RON

What are those?

ARTHUR WEASLEY

Close the door.

RADIO 

... comes to us this evening from 
the north of England, where a 
wizard family by the name of 
Westinburgh were found dead in 
their cellar.  While not a member 
of the Order, Mr. Westinburgh and 
his wife had, on numerous 
occasions, provided shelter for 
its members...

ARTHUR WEASLEY

These are for the Order.  So many 
are on the run now, it helps them 
to stay connected with the rest of 
us.  Know they’re not alone...

RON

C’mon.  Mum’s got dinner ready.

VOLDEMORT

Severus.  I was beginning to worry 
you’d lost your way.  Come.  I’ve 
saved you a seat.

VOLDEMORT

You know our hosts, of course, 
Severus.  Narcissa in particular 
has been most hospitable.  Lucius, 
on the other hand, is, I fear, 
burdened by my presence.  Are you, 
Lucius?

LUCIUS

My lord?

VOLDEMORT

Are you burdened?

NARCISSA MALFOY

My lord is always welcome here.

VOLDEMORT

You bring news I trust, Severus?

SNAPE

It will happen Saturday next.  At 
nightfall.

VOLDEMORT

And this information comes --

SNAPE

-- from the source we discussed.

YAXLEY

I have heard differently, my lord.  
Dawlish, the Auror, let slip that 
the Potter boy will not be moved 
until the thirtieth of this month, 
the night before he turns 
seventeen.

SNAPE

This is a false trail.  The Auror 
Office no longer plays any part in 
the protection of Harry Potter.  
Those closest to him believe we 
have infiltrated the Ministry.

SQUAT MAN

Well, they’ve got that right, 
then, ‘aven’t they?

VOLDEMORT

Pius, what say you?

THICKNESSE

One hears many things, my lord.  
Whether the truth is among them is 
not clear.

VOLDEMORT

Spoken like a true politician.  
You will, I think, prove most 
useful, Pius.  Where will he be 
taken?  The boy?

SNAPE

To a safehouse.  Likely the home 
of someone in the Order.  I’m told 
it has been given every manner of 
protection possible. Once there, 
it will be impractical to attack 
him.  We may have compromised the 
Ministry, but there are those who 
remain loyal to him.  As long as 
the Ministry stands, his allies 
within will have the means at 
their disposal to insure his 
safety.

BELLATRIX

My lord, if I might, I’d like to 
volunteer myself for this task.  
I’d like to kill the boy.

VOLDEMORT

Wormtail!  Have I not spoken to 
you about keeping our guest quiet?

WORMTAIL

Yes, m-my lord.  Right away, my 
lord.

VOLDEMORT

As inspiring as I find your 
bloodlust, Bellatrix, I must be 
the one to kill Harry Potter.  But 
I face an unfortunate 
complication.  It has recently 
come to my attention that my wand 
and Potter’s share the same core.  
They are, in some ways, twins.  We 
can wound but not fatally harm one 
another.  Which means, if I am to 
kill him... I will have to do it 
with another’s wand.

VOLDEMORT

Come now.  Surely one of you would 
like the honor?  What about... 
you, Lucius?

VOLDEMORT

I require your wand.

VOLDEMORT

Do I detect elm?

LUCIUS

Yes, my lord.

VOLDEMORT

And the core?

LUCIUS

Dragon -- dragon heartstring.

VOLDEMORT

My wand?  You can’t possibly think 
I would give you my wand.

LUCIUS

No, my lord.

VOLDEMORT

For those of you who do not know, 
we are joined tonight by Miss 
Charity Burbage who until recently 
taught at Hogwarts School of 
Witchcraft and Wizardry.  Her 
specialty was Muggle studies. It 
is Miss Burbage’s belief that 
Muggles are not so different from 
us.  

VOLDEMORT

She would, given her way, have us 
mate with them.  To her, the 
mixture of magical and Muggle 
blood is not an abomination but 
something to be encouraged.  I, of 
course, take a contrary view.  But 
we’re all civilized here.  All 
adults.  We can agree to disagree.

CHARITY

Severus, please.  We’re friends...

VOLDEMORT

Avada Kedavra!

VOLDEMORT

Nagini... Dinner.

UNCLE VERNON

Come now, Dudley.  Hurry up!

HARRY

Time for the teary farewell.

AUNT PETUNIA

I’ve lived in this house twenty 
years.  And now -- in a single 
night -- I’m expected to leave.

HARRY

They’ll torture you.  Even Dudley.  
If they think you know where I’m 
going, they’ll stop at noth--

AUNT PETUNIA

You think I don’t know that?  You 
think I don’t know what they’re 
capable of?

AUNT PETUNIA

You didn’t just lose a mother that 
night in Godric’s Hollow, you 
know.  I lost a sister.

HARRY

Do you have any?  Magic?

AUNT PETUNIA

What a cruel thing to ask.

UNCLE VERNON

Well, this is goodbye then, boy.

DUDLEY

I don’t understand.  Isn’t he 
coming with us?

UNCLE VERNON

Who?

DUDLEY

Harry.

UNCLE VERNON

Absolutely not.

DUDLEY

Why?

UNCLE VERNON

Well, because -- he doesn’t want 
to, do you, boy?

HARRY

Absolutely not.  Besides, I’m just 
a waste of space.  Isn’t that 
right, Vernon?

UNCLE VERNON

Come on, Dudley, we’re off.

DUDLEY

I don’t think you’re a waste of 
space.

HARRY

Well... thanks.

HARRY

See you, Big D.

HARRY

Good riddance.

HAGRID

All righ’, ‘arry?  Yeh look fit.

MAD-EYE

Yeah, he’s ruddy gorgeous.  What 
say we get undercover before 
someone murders him.

HARRY

I thought you were looking after 
the Prime Minister, Kingsley.

SHACKLEBOLT

You’re more important.

BILL

Hello, Harry.  Bill Weasley.

FRED

Wasn’t always this handsome.

GEORGE

Dead ugly.

BILL

True enough.  Owe it all to a 
werewolf by name of Greyback.  
Hope to repay the favor one day.

FLEUR

You are still beautiful to me, 
William.

LUPIN

Just remember, Fleur, once you’re 
married:  Bill takes his steaks on 
the raw side now.

TONKS

My husband, the joker.  By the 
way, wait until you hear the news!  
Remus and I are --

MAD-EYE

All right, all right!  You’ll all 
have time for a cozy catch-up 
later!  We’ve got to get the hell 
out of here and soon!

MAD-EYE

Potter, you’re underage, which 
means you’ve still got the Trace 
on you.

HARRY

The Trace?

MAD-EYE

You sneeze and the Ministry will 
know who wipes your nose.  Point 
is, we have to use those means of 
transport the Trace can’t detect:  
brooms, thestrals and the like.  
We’ll go in pairs.  That way if 
anyone’s out there waiting for us  
-- and I reckon there will be -- 
they won’t know which Harry Potter 
is the real one.

HARRY

The real one...?

MAD-EYE

I believe you’re familiar with 
this particular brew.

HARRY

No!  Absolutely not!

HERMIONE

I told you he’d take it well.

HARRY

If you think I’m going to let 
people risk their lives for me --

RON

Never done that before, have we?

HARRY

This is different.  Taking that.  
Becoming me -- no.

FRED

Well, none of us really fancy it, 
mate.

GEORGE

Yeah, imagine if something went 
wrong and we were stuck as 
scrawny, specky gits forever.

MAD-EYE

Everyone here’s of age, Potter, 
and they’ve all agreed to take the 
risk.

MUNDUNGUS

Technically, I’ve been coerced.
Mundungus Fletcher, Mr. Potter.  
I’ve always been a huge admirer.

MAD-EYE

Nip it, Mundungus!  All right, 
Granger, as discussed.

HARRY

Blimey, Hermione!

MAD-EYE

Straight in here, if you please.

MAD-EYE

For those of you who haven’t taken 
Polyjuice Potion before, fair 
warning.  It tastes like goblin 
piss.

FRED

Have a lot of experience with 
that, do you, Mad-Eye?

FRED

Just trying to defuse the tension.

FRED

Wow -- we’re identical!

GEORGE

Wow -- we’re identical!

MAD-EYE

Not yet you aren’t.

GEORGE

Don’t have something a bit more 
sporty, do you?

FRED

Yes, don’t fancy this color at 
all.

MAD-EYE

Fancy this:  You’re not you, so 
shut it and strip.
You’ll need to change too, Potter.

FLEUR

Bill, look away -- I’m ‘ideous.

RON

I knew Ginny was lying about that 
tattoo.

HERMIONE

Harry, your eyesight really is 
awful.

MAD-EYE

Blimey.  I almost forgot.

MAD-EYE

Right then.  We’ll be pairing off.  
Each Potter will have a protector.  
As for you, Harry...

ALL

Yes?

MAD-EYE

The real Harry!  Where the devil 
are you, anyway?

HARRY

Here.

MAD-EYE

You’ll ride with Hagrid.

HAGRID

Brought yeh here sixteen years ago
when you were barely bigger than a 
Bowtruckle. Seems only righ’ I 
should be the one ter take yeh 
away.

MAD-EYE

Yeah, it’s all very touching.  
Let’s go.

MAD-EYE

Good luck, everyone.  On the count 
of three.  One... two --

HARRY

Hagrid!  We’ve got to help the 
others!

HAGRID

Can’t do it, ‘arry.  My job’s ter 
get you where we’re goin’ safe ‘n 
sound -- Mad-Eye’s orders!

HARRY

What was that?

HAGRID

Dragon fire!

DEATH EATER

That’s him!  The real one!

HAGRID

Hol’ tight, ‘arry!  We’ve got ter 
get yeh out of here!

HARRY

Hagrid... HAGRID...!

VOLDEMORT

Avada...

MRS. WEASLEY

Harry!  Hagrid!  What happened?!  
Have you seen the others?

HARRY

Is no one back yet?

HAGRID

They were on us from the star’, 
Molly -- the Death Eaters.  And 
You-Know-Who as well.

MRS. WEASLEY

Well, thank goodness you two are 
all right.

HAGRID

Haven’t go’ any brandy, have yeh, 
Molly?  Fer medicinal purposes?

GINNY

Ron and Tonks should’ve already 
been back.  Dad and Fred as well.

GINNY

Oh my God!  George!

LUPIN

The house!  Quickly!

MRS. WEASLEY

My boy!  My darling boy!  What’ve 
they done to you?!

GINNY

Remus!  What’re you doing!

LUPIN

What creature sat in the corner 
the first time that Harry Potter 
visited my office at Hogwarts!

HARRY

Are you mad...?

LUPIN

What Creature!

HARRY

A grindylow!

LUPIN

We’ve been betrayed.  Voldemort 
knew you were being moved tonight.  
I had to make sure you weren’t an 
imposter.

HARRY

Who did this to him?

LUPIN

Snape.
He’ll be fine, Molly.  But that’s 
Dark Magic.  The damage is done.

HAGRID

Someone else is back.

SHACKLEBOLT

The last words Albus Dumbledore 
spoke to the pair of us?

LUPIN

‘Harry is the best hope we have.  
Trust him.’

SHACKLEBOLT

What gave you away?

HARRY

Hedwig -- I think.  She was trying 
to protect me -- 

RON

Hey ya -- Well... thanks.

TONKS

Deserves that.  Brilliant, he was.  
Wouldn’t be standing here without 
him.

HERMIONE

Really?

RON

Always the tone of surprise.

ARTHUR WEASLEY

Are we the last?  Where’s George?

ARTHUR WEASLEY

Remus.  Where’s my son?

FRED

How do you feel, Georgie?

GEORGE

Saint-like.

FRED

Come again?

GEORGE

Saint-like... You see, I’m holy.  
Holey, Fred, geddit?

FRED

With the whole wide world of ear-
related humor at your disposal, 
you go for holey?  Pathetic.

GEORGE

Reckon I’m still better-looking 
than you.  Better-looking than 
Bill, that’s for sure.

BILL

Mad-Eye’s dead.

BILL

Mundungus took one look at 
Voldemort and Disapparated.

LUPIN

Mad-Eye reckoned You-Know-Who 
would expect the real Harry to be 
with the most skilled Auror.  He 
knew he’d be in the most danger.

ARTHUR WEASLEY

It doesn’t explain how they knew 
we were moving Harry tonight.

HAGRID

Wha’?  One of us?  Tha’s mad.  I’d 
wager me life it wasn’ none of you 
lot.  An’ if it was me I’d kno’, 
wouldn’ I?  Talk in me sleep on 
occasion, I’ll admit, but there’s 
only Fang aroun’ ter hear an’ 
mostly it’s gibberish an’ besides 
I’d cut me tongue out ‘fore ‘d 
betray ‘arry e’en in me dreams -- 

HAGRID

Wha’s so funny!

HARRY

I trust you with my life, Hagrid.  
I trust everyone in this room.  
Understood?

Understood.

HAGRID

‘Ear, ‘ear.

LUPIN

Better.

VOLDEMORT 

You lied to me, Ollivander!

OLLIVANDER

No!  No!  I believed a different 
wand would work, I swear!

VOLDEMONT

Then explain this!

OLLIVANDER

But it makes no sense...

VOLDEMORT

Perhaps our friend’s loyalties lie 
elsewhere, Wormtail.

OLLIVANDER

No!  There must be a way!  I’ll 
think of something else!

VOLDEMONT

I hope so, Ollivander, for your 
sake.  I won’t be so forgiving 
next time...

RON

Going somewhere?

HARRY

No one else is going to die.  Not 
for me.

RON

For you?  You think Madeye died 
for you?  You think George took 
that curse for you?  You may be 
the Chosen One, mate, but this is 
a whole lot bigger than that.

HARRY

Come with me.  Now.

RON

And leave Hermione?  Are you mad? 
We wouldn’t last two days without 
her.

RON

Don’t tell her I said that.
Besides, you’ve still got the 
Trace on you.  And there’s the 
wedding...

HARRY

Wedding?

RON

Bill and Fleur.  Mum’s been 
planning it for months.  Only 
thing that’s kept her sane, I 
reckon.  She’ll kill me if I miss 
it.  Kill you too.  Rather go face 
to face with You-Know-Who if I’m 
honest.

HARRY

I don’t care about a bloody 
wedding -- no matter whose it is.  
I have to start searching for the 
Horcruxes.  It’s the only chance 
we have to beat him.  And the 
longer we wait the stronger he 
gets.

RON

Tonight’s not the night, mate.  
You’d only be doing him a favor.

RON

Do you think he knows?

RON

I mean, they’re bits of his soul, 
the Horcruxes.  Bits of him.  When 
Dumbledore destroyed the ring and 
you destroyed Tom Riddle’s diary 
all those years ago -- he must’ve
felt something right?

RON

What I’m saying is, if we do this 
thing right, if we find the 
Horcruxes and begin to destroy 
them one by one...

RON

Won’t he know he’s being hunted?

ARTHUR WEASLEY

All together now!

ARTHUR WEASLEY

One.  Two.  Three!

GINNY

Were you going to tell me?

HARRY

Yes.

GINNY

And Ron and Hermione.  They’ll not 
be going back to Hogwarts either?

GINNY

I see.

HARRY

Dumbledore didn’t want anyone to 
know what it is we’re doing.  If I 
tell you, I’d be betraying him.

GINNY

Zip me up, will you.

GINNY

Seems silly, doesn’t it?  A 
wedding.  Given everything that’s 
going on.

HARRY

Maybe that’s the best reason to 
have it.  Because of everything 
that’s going on.

GEORGE

Morning.

ARTHUR WEASLEY

How’s it look on your end, boys?

FRED

Brilliant!

GEORGE

Bloody hell, what’s the Minister 
of Magic doing here?

RON

Dunno.  But something tells me he 
didn’t come to give away the 
bride.

HARRY

To what do we owe the pleasure, 
Minister?

SCRIMGEOUR

I think we both know the answer to 
that question, Mr. Potter.

HARRY

And this would be...?

SCRIMGEOUR

Don’t be coy, Mr. Potter.  Mr. 
Weasley.  Would you say you were 
close to your former Headmaster?

RON

Dumbledore?  And me?  I dunno. I 
reckon I was just another Weasley 
to him.  He was always polite -- 

SCRIMGEOUR

And you, Miss Granger?  How would 
you characterize your 
relationship?

HERMIONE

We were friendly, not close like 
Harry, but -- 

HARRY

What’s this all about?

SCRIMGEOUR

This.  Despite the fact that 
neither of your friends appear to 
have been particularly close to 
their recently deceased 
Headmaster, he saw fit to remember 
them in his will.  Now why do you 
suppose that would be?

HARRY

No idea.

SCRIMGEOUR

Come now, you don’t expect me to 
believe...

SCRIMGEOUR

‘Herein is set forth the Last Will  
and Testament of Albus Percival 
Wulfric Brian Dumbledore.  First, 
to Ronald Bilius Weasley, I leave 
my Deluminator, a device of my own 
making, in the hope that -- when 
things seem most dark -- it will 
show him the light.’

RON

Dumbledore left this?  For me?  
Brilliant.  Er -- what is it?

RON

Wicked.

SCRIMGEOUR

‘To Miss Hermione Jean Granger, I 
leave my copy of The Tales of 
Beedle the Bard, in the hope that 
she will find it entertaining and 
instructive.’

RON

Mum used to read me those!  The 
Wizard and the Hopping Pot, 
Babbitty Rabbity and her Cackling 
Stump...

RON

Oh, c’mon!  Beedle’s stories are 
famous!  Babbity Rabbitty? No...?

SCRIMGEOUR

‘To Harry James Potter, I leave 
the Snitch he caught in his first 
Quidditch match at Hogwarts, as a 
reminder of the rewards of 
perseverance and skill.

HARRY

That’s it then?

SCRIMGEOUR

Not quite.  Dumbledore left you a 
second bequest:  The Sword of 
Godric Gryffindor.  Unfortunately, 
the Sword of Gryffindor was not 
Dumbledore’s to give away.  As an 
important historical artifact, it 
belongs...

HERMIONE

To Harry!  It belongs to Harry!  
It chose him!  It came to him in 
the Chamber of Secrets when he 
most needed it!

SCRIMGEOUR

The sword may present itself to 
any worthy Gryffindor, Miss 
Granger.  That does not make it 
that wizard’s property.  And in 
any event the current whereabouts 
of the sword are unknown.

HARRY

Excuse me?

SCRIMGEOUR

The sword is missing.
I won’t pretend to be your friend, 
Mr. Potter.  But I assure you I’m 
not your enemy.

HARRY

You’ll forgive me, Minister.  But 
it’s a little hard to tell the 
difference these days.

SCRIMGEOUR

Dumbledore said something very 
similar the last time we spoke.

HERMIONE

Where is your guard, sir?

SCRIMGEOUR

I came alone.  I don’t really need 
them anymore...

LUPIN

We want you to be the godfather.

HARRY

You mean -- But that’s brilliant -- 
I... don’t know what to say.

LUPIN

Say yes.

LUNA

Hello, Harry!

LUNA

Oh, I’ve interrupted a deep 
thought, haven’t I?  I can see it 
growing smaller in your eyes.

HARRY

No, ‘course not.  How are you, 
Luna?

LUNA

Very well.  I was bitten by a 
garden gnome only moments ago.

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

Gnome saliva is enormously 
beneficial!  Xenophilius Lovegood.  
We live just over the hill!

HARRY

Nice to meet you, sir.

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

I trust you know, Mr. Potter, that 
we at The Quibbler, unlike those 
toadies at the Daily Prophet, 
fully supported Dumbledore during 
his lifetime and in his death 
support you just as fully.

LUNA

Come, Daddy.  Harry doesn’t want 
to talk to us right now.  He’s 
just too nice to say so.

HARRY

Sir?  May I sit down?

ELPHIAS DOGE

Mr. Potter!  By all means!

HARRY

I found what you wrote in the 
Daily Prophet very moving, sir.  I 
take it you knew Professor 
Dumbledore well?

ELPHIAS DOGE

I certainly knew him the longest, 
if you don’t count his brother 
Aberforth -- and somehow, people 
never do seem to count Aberforth.

HARRY

I never even knew he had a 
brother, sir.

ELPHIAS DOGE

Yes, well, Dumbledore was always 
very private.  Even as a boy.

HARRY

Sir, I was wondering if you’d had 
much contact with him before he 
died.

ELPHIAS DOGE

The occasional owl.  Though it was 
strange...

HARRY

Strange, sir?

ELPHIAS DOGE

It was the owls themselves.  They 
often arrived in distress.  It was 
clear they’d traveled great 
distances in some cases.

HARRY

Could you tell me from where 
they’d come, sir?

ELPHIAS DOGE

I’m afraid not.  Albus’ messages 
mostly referenced our days 
together as schoolboys.  They were 
surprisingly intimate.  When he 
did speak of his current 
activities his words would turn 
elliptical.  Still, I sensed he 
was under great stress.  Why do 
you ask?

HARRY

Just curious.  I was... close to 
Professor Dumbledore.

ELPHIAS DOGE

Well, he treasured you, Mr. 
Potter, I can attest to that.  I 
can also tell you that when a 
person passes, it’s only natural 
to rue the things left unsaid, to 
regret the question never asked.  
I knew Albus nigh on 100 years, 
but in many ways he will always 
remain a riddle even to me.

WOMAN

Don’t despair, Elphias.  I’m told 
he’s been thoroughly unriddled by 
Rita Skeeter.  In 800 pages no 
less.

ELPHIAS DOGE

That woman is a vulture, Muriel, 
and you well know it.

MURIEL

Someone has to pick the bones to 
get at the truth.  I read your 
obituary, Elphias.  Lovely.  But 
you did skate over some of the 
sticky patches in Dumbledore’s 
life.

ELPHIAS DOGE

I’m sorry you think so, Muriel.  I 
assure you I was writing from the 
heart.

MURIEL

Yes, well, Rita Skeeter hasn’t 
made that mistake, I’m sure.  Word 
has it someone talked to her, 
someone who knew the Dumbledore 
family well.  You and I both know 
who that is, Elphias.

ELPHIAS DOGE

A monstrous betrayal.  I can only 
conclude the rumors are true and 
that she has become untethered.

HARRY

Who are you talking about?

MURIEL

Well, I don’t suppose it’ll be a 
secret once the book comes out.
Bathilda Bagshot.

HARRY

Who?

MURIEL

Who? Bathilda Bagshot!  My god, 
boy, she’s only the most 
celebrated magical historian of 
the last century.  Don’t they read 
History of Magic at Hogwarts 
anymore?

HARRY

Oh, right.  Slipped my mind...

MURIEL

She knew the Dumbledores as well 
as anyone.  She’d have letters, 
perhaps an interesting photograph 
or two.  I’m sure Rita Skeeter 
would have thought it well worth a 
trip to Godric’s Hollow to take a 
peek into that old bird’s rattled 
cage.

HARRY

Godric’s Hollow?  Bathilda Bagshot 
lives in Godric’s Hollow?

MURIEL

For years now.  That’s where she 
first met Dumbledore.

HARRY

Excuse me?  You don’t mean to say 
Dumbledore lived there too?

MURIEL

Of course.  The family moved there 
after his father killed those 
three Muggles.  It was quite the 
scandal.
Honestly, my boy, are you sure you 
knew him at all?

PATRONUS

The Ministry has fallen.  The 
Minister of Magic is dead.  They 
are coming...

ELPHIAS DOGE

Nice meeting you, Mr. Potter!

HERMIONE

Ron!  Ron!

LUPIN

Harry!  Go!  Go!

RON

Where are we?

HERMIONE

Shaftesbury Avenue.  I used to 
come here to the theater with my 
mum and dad.  Just popped into my 
head.  I don’t know why...

HERMIONE

This way!

HERMIONE

We need to change.

RON

How the ruddy --

HERMIONE

Undetectable Extension Charm.

RON

You’re amazing, you are.

HERMIONE

Always the tone of surprise.

HERMIONE

That’ll be the books.

HARRY

Do you reckon everyone’s alright 
at the wedding?  Maybe we should --

RON

They were after you, mate.  We’d 
just put everyone in danger going 
back.

HERMIONE

Ron’s right.  Cappuccino, please.

RON

What she said.

HARRY

Same.

WAITRESS

Wicked scar.

RON

So where do we go from here?  The 
Leaky Cauldron?

HERMIONE

Too dangerous.  If Voldemort’s 
taken over the Ministry, none of 
the old places are safe.

HARRY

My rucksack.  With all my things.  
I left it back at the Burrow --

HARRY

You’re joking.

HERMIONE

I’ve had the essentials packed for 
days.  Just in case.

RON

By the way -- these jeans?  Not my 
favorite.  Bit tight.

HARRY

Down!

HARRY

Stupefy!

DEATH EATER #2

Expulsio!

HERMIONE

Petrificus Totalus!
Go.

HERMIONE

She doesn’t argue.

HARRY

Lock the door, get the lights.

HARRY

This one’s name is Rowle.  He was 
on the Astronomy Tower the night 
Snape killed Dumbledore.

RON

This is Dolohov.  I recognize him 
from the wanted posters.

RON

So what do we do with you, huh?  
Kill us if it was turned round, 
wouldn’t you?

RON

Suppose it’s him that did Mad-Eye.  
How would you feel then?

HARRY

It’s better we wipe their 
memories.  We kill them, they’ll 
know we were here.

RON

You’re the boss.
Hermione?

RON

You’re the best with spells.

HERMIONE

Obliviate.

HARRY

How is it they knew we were there?

HERMIONE

Maybe you still have the Trace on 
you.

RON

Can’t be. The Trace breaks at 
seventeen. It’s Wizarding law.

RON

What?

HERMIONE

We didn’t celebrate your birthday, 
Harry.  Ginny and I -- we’d 
prepared a cake.  We were going to 
bring it out at the end of the 
wedding...

HARRY

Hermione.  I appreciate the 
thought -- honestly.  But given 
that we were almost killed by a 
couple of Death Eaters a few 
minutes ago...

HERMIONE

Right.  Perspective.

RON

We’ve got to get off the streets, 
get somewhere safe.

HARRY

I have an idea.

MAD-EYE

Severus Snape?

HARRY

Mad-Eye...?

RON

What was that about?

HERMIONE

Mad-eye’s doing, I’d guess.  In 
case Snape decided to come 
snooping.

HERMIONE

Homenum revelio.

HERMIONE

It’s a spell to reveal human 
presence.

HERMIONE

We’re alone.

HARRY

Lumos.

LILY

Dear Sirius.  Thank you for 
Harry’s birthday present.  You’d 
think he’d been born on a broom.  

LILY

James says he’s got the look of a 
Seeker, but then James would.  We 
had a very quiet birthday tea, 
just us and old Bathilda, who 
dotes on Harry.  Wormy dropped by 
late in the day, but seemed down 
and didn’t stay long.  James is 
frustrated being shut up here, but 
Dumbledore’s still got his 
Invisibility Cloak, so he doesn’t 
have much choice.  By the way, 
Bathilda tells the most amazing 
stories about our old Headmaster.  
I don’t know how much to believe.  
Can it really be true that 
Dumbledore --

HERMIONE

Harry!  Harry!

HERMIONE

Ron!  I’ve found him!

RON

Good!  Tell him from me he’s a 
git!

HERMIONE

Harry, you can’t just disappear.  
We thought --

HERMIONE

It’s from your Mum.  To Sirius.  
Bathilda Bagshot...?

HARRY

Yeah.  They knew her.  She wrote A 
History of Magic, you know.

HERMIONE

Did she now?

HARRY

I’m thinking maybe we should go 
talk to her.  She still lives in 
Godric’s Hollow.  I’m thinking 
maybe she could help us.

HERMIONE

Harry.  I can imagine why you’d 
want to go there, but... I don’t 
think Bathilda Bagshot is going to 
know where Voldemort hid his 
Horcruxes.

RON

Hey!  I think you two better come 
down here.

RON

The two clinging to the tree are 
Death Eaters for sure.  Dunno 
‘bout the bloke on the bench.
Can’t see us, of course.  But 
we’ll have to be careful coming 
and going.  C’mon.  There’s 
something else you need to see.

HERMIONE

Lovely.

HERMIONE

R... A... B.

HARRY

To the Dark Lord.  I know I will 
be dead long before you read 
this... I have stolen the real 
Horcrux and intend to destroy 
it...

RON

R.A.B. was Sirius’ brother?

HERMIONE

Yes.  Question is, did he actually 
destroy the real Horcrux?

HARRY

Stop!  I order you!

RON

Kreacher...

HARRY

Been spying on us, have you?

KREACHER

Kreacher has been... watching.  
Kreacher always watches.

HERMIONE

Maybe he knows.

HARRY

Ever seen this before?

HARRY

Kreacher, I own this place.  
Sirius left it to me.  Which means 
I own you too.

KREACHER

That was Master Regulus’ locket.

HARRY

That’s right.  But there were two, 
weren’t there?

HARRY

Where’s the other one?

KREACHER

Kreacher doesn’t know where the 
other locket is.

HERMIONE

But was it here?  Did you ever see 
it?

KREACHER

Filthy Mudblood -- The Death 
Eaters will soon be coming for 
you!

KREACHER

Blood-traitor Weasley --

HERMIONE

Ron!  RON!

HARRY

Answer her.

KREACHER

Yes.  It was here, in this house.  
A most evil object...

HARRY

How do you mean?

KREACHER

Before he died, Master Regulus 
ordered Kreacher to destroy it.  
It was the last thing he asked of 
Kreacher.  But no matter how 
Kreacher tried, he could not..

HARRY

Where is it now?  Did someone take 
it, Kreacher?

KREACHER

He came in the night.  He took 
many things, including the locket.

HARRY

Who, Kreacher?  Who was it?

KREACHER

Mundungus.  Mundungus Fletcher.

HARRY

Find him.

THICKNESSE

As your new Minister for Magic, I 
promise to restore this temple of 
tolerance to its former glory.  
Therefore, beginning today, each 
employee will be required to 
submit themselves for evaluation.  
But know this:  You have nothing 
to fear... as long as you have 
nothing to hide...

CORMAC

My father will hear about this.

NEVILLE

He’s not here, you fools.

HERMIONE

They have flesh memories.

HERMIONE

Snitches.  They’re never touched 
by bare skin until the Seeker 
captures it.  Even the wizard who 
fabricates it wears gloves.  That 
way, if there’s a dispute, the 
Snitch can identify who first 
touched it.

HARRY

You mean... it remembers me?

HERMIONE

When Scrimgeour first gave it to 
you, I thought it might open at 
your touch -- that Dumbledore had 
hidden something in it.

DOBBY

Harry Potter!  So long it’s been --

HERMIONE

Expelliarmus!

KREACHER

As requested, Kreacher has 
returned with the thief Mundungus 
Fletcher!

DOBBY

Dobby has also returned with the 
thief Mundungus Fletcher!

MUNDUNGUS

What are you playing at -- setting 
a pair of bleedin’ ‘ouse-elves on 
me!

DOBBY

Dobby was only trying to help!  
Dobby saw Kreacher in Diagon 
Alley, which Dobby thought was 
curious.  And then Dobby heard 
Kreacher mention Harry Potter’s 
name, which Dobby thought was very
curious.  And then Dobby saw that 
Kreacher was talking to the thief 
Mundungus Fletcher, which Dobby 
thought was very, very --

MUNDUNGUS

I’m no thief, you foul little git.  
I’m a purveyer of rare and 
wondrous objects --

RON

You’re a thief, Dung.  Everyone 
knows it.

DOBBY

Master Weasley!  So good to see 
you again!

RON

Wicked trainers.

MUNDUNGUS

Listen, I panicked that night, all 
right?  I never volunteered to die 
for you, mate.  Can I help it if 
Mad-Eye fell off his broom --

HERMIONE

Stop lying!

RON

Piece of advice.  Let’s not rehash 
old times.  Got it... mate?

HARRY

When you turned this place over -- 
don’t deny it! -- you found a 
locket, am I right?

MUNDUNGUS

Why?  Was it valuable?

HERMIONE

You’ve still got it.

RON

No.  He’s worried he should have 
got more money for it.

MUNDUNGUS

Wouldn’t be difficult, would it?  
Bleedin’ gave it away, din’ I?  
There I was, pitching me wares in 
Diagon Alley when some ministry 
hag comes up and asks to see my 
license.  Says she’s of a mind to 
lock me up and would’ve, too, she 
hadn’ taken a fancy to that 
locket.

HARRY

Who was she?  This witch?

MUNDUNGUS

Well, she’s right there, in’t she?  
Bleedin’ bow an’ all.

RON

Right. So let’s do it.  Who gets 
who?

HERMIONE

Well, unless one of you fancies 
wearing a skirt...

HERMIONE

Remember what we said.  Keep your 
eyes down.  Don’t speak to anyone 
unless absolutely necessary.  Act 
as normal as possible.  Just do 
what you see everyone else doing.  
We do that -- and with a bit of 
luck -- we get ourselves inside.  
And then...

HARRY

It gets really tricky.

HERMIONE

Correct.

HARRY

This is completely mental.

HERMIONE

Completely, utterly, without 
question.

RON

The world’s mental.  Come on, 
drink up.  We’ve got a Horcrux to 
find.


RON

In case you’re interested, I’m Reg 
Cattermole, Magical Maintenance 
Department.

HERMIONE

Mafalda Hopkirk, assistant in the 
Improper Use of Magic Office.

HARRY

I’m nobody.

HERMIONE

You’re somebody.  Be careful.

SKINNY WIZARD

Morning, Reg!  Good luck today.

RON

Oh... yeah.  Thanks.

RON

What do you reckon he meant by 
‘Good luck.’?

RON 

We flush ourselves in?

HARRY

Apparently so.

RON

That’s bloody disgusting.

HARRY

Are those...?

HERMIONE

Muggles.  In their rightful place.

BALDING WIZARD

Move it, will you -- oh, Runcorn!  
Forgive me...

HERMIONE

You appear to be quite popular.

RON

I gotta tell you, I'm starting to 
freak out a bit.

HARRY

The Ministry must be hiring young 
these days.

RON

They’re not Ministry.  They’re 
Snatchers.  They hunt Muggle-borns 
and blood-traitors for a price.

HARRY

How long did you say this batch of 
Polyjuice Potion would last, 
Hermione?

HERMIONE

I didn’t.

YAXLEY

Cattlemole!

YAXLEY

It’s still raining in my office.  
Two days now.

RON

Really?  Have you tried an 
umbrella?

YAXLEY

You do realize I'm on my way 
downstairs, don’t you, Cattermole?

RON

Downstairs...?

YAXLEY

To interrogate your wife!  If my 
wife’s blood status were in doubt 
and the Head of the Department of 
Magical Law Enforcement needed a 
job doing, I think I’d make it a 
priority.  You’ve got one hour.

RON

Oh my god.  What am I going to do?  
My wife’s all alone downstairs?

HARRY

Ron.  You don’t have a wife.

Oh.  Right.

HARRY

Look, we’ll go with you -- 

RON

No, that’s mad.  You two find 
Umbridge.  I’ll be fine.  But how 
do I stop it raining?

HERMIONE

Try Finite Incantatem.  Of course 
if something’s gone wrong with an 
Atmospheric Charm -- 

FEMALE 
Level Two.  Department of Magical 
Law Enforcement, including 
Wizengamot Administration 
Services, Auror Headquarters and 
Improper Use of Magic Department.

HERMIONE

This is you.

RON

Finite Incantatem, okay.  And if 
that doesn’t work...?

HERMIONE

I don’t like him being on his own
down there.

HARRY

Ron’s been coming here since he 
was two years old.  It’s us you 
should be worrying about.

HERMIONE

You really have horrible teeth, 
you know that.

HARRY

I say if we don’t locate Umbridge 
within the hour, we go find Ron 
and come back another day.  Deal?

UMBRIDGE

Ah, Mafalda!  Travers sent you, 
did he?  Good.  We’ll go straight 
down.

PERCY WEASLEY

Oh, yes... of course.

RED-HAIRED WITCH

Reckon the old hag will be 
interrogating Mudbloods all day?

THICKNESSE

Sh...careful.

DOLORES UMBRIDGE

Runcorn.

HARRY

Accio locket.

BALDING WIZARD

All right, all right.  Let’s calm 
down, shall we?

BALDING WIZARD

It probably just snuck up here 
from Experimental Charms.  I think 
none of us will soon forget last 
month’s Poisonous Duck...

BALDING WIZARD

R-Runcorn.

RON

M-morning.

HARRY

Ron, it’s me.

RON

Harry!  Blimey, I forgot what you 
looked like.  Where’s Hermione?

HARRY

She went down to the courtrooms 
with Umbridge -- 

ARTHUR WEASLEY

I understand, Wakinda, but I can’t 
be a party to that.

ARTHUR WEASLEY

Hello, Reg.  Isn’t Mary in for 
questioning today?  Try to have 
faith.  If there’s anything Molly 
and I can do for you -- 

WAKINDA

Let me guess.  It’s raining in 
Yaxley’s office again?

ARTHUR WEASLEY

Tell him to try an umbrella.

HARRY

Arthur!  You know you’re being 
tracked, don’t you?

ARTHUR WEASLEY

Is that a threat, Runcorn?

HARRY

No, Arthur.  It’s a fact.  They’re 
watching you.

HARRY

I’ll tell you later.  Let’s find 
Hermione.

RON

Bloody cold down here.

SCARED MAN

I’m half-blood, I tell you!  My 
father was a wizard!  Look him up!  
William Alderton!  He worked here 
for thirty years...

RON

What is it?

HARRY

It’s here...

MARY CATTERMOLE

Reg...

UMBRIDGE

Mary Elizabeth Cattermole?

MARY CATTERMOLE

Yes.

UMBRIDGE

Mother to Maisie, Ellie and 
Alfred?  Wife to Reginald?

MARY CATTERMOLE

Yes.

UMBRIDGE

A wand was taken from you upon 
your arrival at the Ministry 
today, Mrs. Cattermole.  Is this 
that wand?

UMBRIDGE

Would you please tell the court 
from which witch or wizard you 
took this wand.

MARY CATTERMOLE

But I didn’t take it.  I got it in 
Diagon Alley, at Ollivander’s, 
when I was eleven.  It chose me.

UMBRIDGE

No, no, I don’t think so, Mrs. 
Cattermole.  Wands only choose 
witches.  And you are not a witch.

MARY CATTERMOLE

But I am!  Tell them, Reg!  Tell 
them what I am!

UMBRIDGE

What the devil are you doing, 
Albert?

HARRY

You’re lying.  And one mustn’t 
tell lies, Dolores... Stupefy!

HARRY

Expecto PATRONUM!

HERMIONE

Relashio!

MARY

You?  It’s you! Reg, it’s Harry 
Potter!

RON

‘Tis, isn’t it?  This’ll be one to 
tell the kids.

MUTTERING WIZARD

Harry Potter...?

HERMIONE

Harry... they’ve seen you.  We’ve 
got to get out of here.

RON

Mary.  Go home.  Get the kids.  
I’ll... I’ll meet you there.  We 
have to get out the country, 
understand?

RON

Mary!  Do as I say!

RON

I’m sorry.  It’s just --

REG CATTERMOLE

MARY!

RON

Long story.  Nice meeting you.

RON

Piss off.

YAXLEY

Seal the exits!  Now!

HERMIONE

Harry, quickly, in my bag, there’s 
a small bottle labeled ‘Essence of 
Dittany.’

HERMIONE

Quickly!

HARRY

Accio Dittany.

HERMIONE

Unstopper it.

HARRY

Hermione.  His arm --

HERMIONE

Just do it!

HARRY

What happened?  I thought we were 
going back to Grimmauld Place.

HERMIONE

We were.  We were there.  But 
Yaxley had hold of me.  I knew we 
couldn’t stay once he’d seen, so 
when he let go I brought us here.  
Ron got Splinched.  I’m... sorry.

HARRY

Don’t be stupid.

HERMIONE

It’s all I feel safe doing.

HERMIONE

Salvio Hexia... Protego Totalum...

HARRY

What’re you doing?

HERMIONE

Protective enchantments.  I don’t 
fancy another visit like we had on 
Shaftesbury Avenue, do you?  
Especially with Ron like this.  
You can get going on the tent...

HARRY

Tent?  Where am I supposed to 
find --

HERMIONE

Repello Muggletum... Muffliato...

HERMIONE

How’re the mushrooms?  Seem to be 
the only edible things growing 
round here.

HARRY

They’re great.

HERMIONE

Make sure to leave some for Ron.

HARRY

No problem.

HARRY

How bad is he?

HERMIONE

He’ll be alright in a few days.  
Hopefully.  If we could take him 
to Hogwarts, to Madam Pomfrey --

HERMIONE

So where do we go next?

HARRY

Dumbledore had a theory.  He felt 
that the Horcruxes would not be 
made out of random objects.  And 
he felt they wouldn’t be hidden 
randomly either.  We know of three 
so far.  The ring, which according 
to Dumbledore belonged to Tom 
Riddle’s grandfather.  The diary, 
which belonged to Tom himself. And 
this, which -- again, according to 
Dumbledore -- belonged to his 
mother.

HERMIONE

It scares me a bit, that, thinking 
it’s a piece of Vol--

RON

No, don’t!  Don’t say it!

RON

It’s taboo -- You-Know-Who’s name.  
That’s how they track people now.  
It’s how they found us in the cafe 
that night.

HARRY

How d’you know?

RON

I overheard a bloke from the 
Enforcement office talking about 
it at the Ministry.  Blimey, 
what’s that smell?

HERMIONE

Dinner?

RON

Not bloody likely.  Smells like 
something Ginny would cook.

HERMIONE

Tea?

RON

Is that it?

HARRY

I know.  I felt it too.
It’s... it’s like it’s ticking or 
something, like it has a tiny 
metal heart, like it’s --

RON

... alive.

HERMIONE

I hate it.  It’s like he’s here 
with us.

HARRY

That’s why we’re going to kill it.

HARRY

Dissendium!

HERMIONE

Incendio!

HARRY

Expulso!

HERMIONE

Confringo!

RON

It’s angry.

HERMIONE

What’re you doing?

HARRY

We have to keep it safe until we 
can figure out how to destroy it.

HERMIONE

I can put it in my bag --

HARRY

No.

RON

Seems strange, mate.  Dumbledore 
sends you off to find a load of 
Horcruxes, but doesn’t bother to 
tell you how to destroy them.  
Doesn’t that bother you?

VOLDEMORT 

Tell me, Gregorovitch.  Tell me 
where it is...

GREGOROVITCH 

I told you!  I no longer have it!  
It was stolen from me!  Many years 
ago!

VOLDEMORT

You wouldn’t be lying to me, would 
you, Gregorovitch?  Because, I 
must tell you... that will only 
make it worse for you...

GREGOROVITCH 

I speak the truth!  I remember 
like it was yesterday...

VOLDEMORT
Who was he?  The thief?

GREGOROVITCH

Just a boy!  Not of the village.  
It was he who took it.  I never 
saw it again.  I swear on my life.

VOLDEMORT

I believe you...

HERMIONE

I thought it had stopped.

HERMIONE

You can’t let him in, Harry.  
Dumbledore himself said it.  You 
have to close your mind.  It’s too 
dangerous --

HARRY

It’s not a candle I can blow out, 
Hermione.  It always burns, even 
if it’s just a flicker.  Can you 
understand that?

HERMIONE

Tell me. What you saw.

HARRY

He’s found him.  Vol--

HARRY

You-Know-Who.  He’s found 
Gregorovitch --

HERMIONE

The wandmaker?

HARRY

Yes.  How’d you know?

HERMIONE

Viktor got his wand from 
Gregorovitch.  Most Durmstrang
students did at one time.  What’s 
he got to do with You-Know-Who?

HARRY

You-Know-Who wants something 
Gregorovitch once had -- dunno 
what.  But he’s desperate to have 
it.  It’s as if his life depends 
on it.

HERMIONE

Don’t -- It... comforts him.

HARRY

Well it sets my teeth on edge.  
What’s he expecting to hear?  Good 
news?

HERMIONE

I think he just hopes he doesn’t 
hear bad news.  It gets him 
through the day.

HARRY

And what gets you through the day?

HERMIONE

We’ve all made sacrifices, Harry.

HARRY

How long before he can travel?

HERMIONE

I don’t know.  It takes time.  I’m 
doing all I can.

HARRY

You’re not doing enough.

HERMIONE

Take it off.

HERMIONE

Take it off.  Now.

HERMIONE

Better?

HARRY

Loads.

HERMIONE

It’s cold.  Even though it’s been 
lying against your skin for days.

HERMIONE

We’ll take turns.  Okay?

RADIO 

... Severus Snape, newly appointed 
Headmaster of Hogwarts...

RADIO 

... bears little resemblance to 
the school under Dumbledore’s 
leadership.  Snape’s curriculum is 
severe, reflecting the wishes of 
the Dark Lord and infractions are 
dealt with harshly by the two 
Death Eaters on the staff...

SCABIOR

What’s that?  That... smell?

HARRY

Snatchers.

HARRY

Good to know your enchantments 
work.

HERMIONE

He could smell it.  My perfume.

HARRY

We have to leave.  We’re not safe 
here.

HERMIONE

I told you.  Ron’s not strong 
enough to Apparate.

HARRY

Then we’ll go by foot.

RON

I’m hungry.

HARRY

We’re all hungry.

RON

Leave it.

RON

Mum can make food appear out of 
thin air.

HERMIONE

No one can conjure food out of 
thin air.  Food is the first of 
the five Principal Exceptions to 
Gamp’s Law.  The other four are --

RON

Oh, speak English, can’t you?

RON

I said leave it.

HARRY

It’ll be dark soon.  We need to 
find a place to sleep.

HERMIONE

Good plan.

RON

Yeah.  Brilliant.  Only, correct 
me if I’m wrong... wasn’t that 
yesterday’s plan?  And the day 
before that?  And the day before 
that?  Walk.  Sleep.  Walk.  
Sleep.

HARRY

My turn.

RON

He doesn’t know what he’s doing, 
does he?

HERMIONE

None of us do.

RON

Wizards were here.

HERMIONE

I don’t like this place.

HERMIONE

I want to go.

What?

HARRY

HERMIONE

I’ll tell you in a minute.

HARRY

Maybe you could tell me now.

HERMIONE

Alright.  The Sword of Gryffindor?  
It’s Goblin made.

HARRY

Brilliant.

HERMIONE

You don’t understand.  Dirt and 
rust have no effect on the blade.  
It only takes in that which makes 
it stronger.

HARRY

O-kay.

HERMIONE

Harry.  You already destroyed one 
Horcrux, right?  Tom Riddle’s 
diary -- in the Chamber of 
Secrets.

HARRY

With a basilisk fang.  If you tell 
me you’ve got one of those in that 
bloody beaded bag of yours --

HERMIONE

Don’t you see!  In the Chamber of 
Secrets, you stabbed the basilisk 
with the Sword of Gryffindor.  

HERMIONE

Its blade is impregnated with 
basilisk venom.

HARRY

It only takes in that which makes 
it stronger...

HERMIONE

Exactly!  Which means...

HARRY

... it can destroy Horcruxes.

HERMIONE

Which is why Dumbledore left it to 
you in his will.

HARRY

You’re brilliant, Hermione.  
Truly.

HERMIONE

Actually, I’m highly logical, 
which allows me to look past the 
extraneous detail and perceive 
clearly that which others 
overlook.

HARRY

There’s only one problem...

RON

The sword was stolen.

RON

Yeah, I’m still here.  But you two 
carry on.  Don’t let me spoil your 
fun.

HARRY

What’s the problem?

RON

Problem?  There’s no problem.  Not 
according to you, anyway.

HARRY

Look, don’t be shy.  If you’ve got 
something to say, spit it out.

RON

All right, I’ll spit it out.  
Don’t expect me to skip up and 
down because now there’s some 
other damn thing we’ve got to 
find.

HERMIONE

Ron...

HARRY

I thought you knew what you signed 
up for.

RON

Yeah, I thought I did too.

HARRY

I don’t understand.  What part of 
this isn’t living up to your 
expectations?  Did you think we’d 
be staying in five-star hotels?  
Finding a Horcrux every other day?  
Did you think you’d be back to 
Mummy by Christmas?

RON

No, I just reckoned after all this 
time, we’d have actually achieved
something.  I reckoned you knew 
what you were doing.  I reckoned 
Dumbledore had told you something 
worthwhile! I reckoned you had a 
plan!

HARRY

I’ve told you everything 
Dumbledore told me! And in case 
you haven’t noticed, we’ve found a 
Horcrux!

RON

Yeah, and we’re about as near 
getting rid of it as we are to 
finding the rest of them, aren’t 
we!

HERMIONE

Take it off, Ron.  Please take it 
off.  You wouldn’t be talking like 
this if you hadn’t been wearing it 
all day --

HARRY

Yeah, he would.  D’you think I 
haven’t noticed the two of you 
whispering behind my back?  D’you
think I haven’t guessed what you 
were thinking?

HERMIONE

Harry, we weren’t --

RON

Don’t lie!  You said it, too, you 
said you were disappointed --

HERMIONE

I didn’t!  Not like that!  Harry -- 
I didn’t!

RON

Do you know why I listen to that 
radio, every night?  Do you!  To 
make sure I don’t hear Ginny’s 
name or Fred or George or Mum or --

HARRY

You think I don’t listen!  You 
think I don’t know what it’s   
like --

RON

NO!  YOU DON’T KNOW WHAT IT’S 
LIKE!  YOUR PARENTS ARE DEAD!  YOU 
HAVE NO FAMILY!

HERMIONE

Stop!  Stop!

HARRY

Go then.  But leave that.

RON

And you?

HERMIONE

Me?

RON

Are you staying?  Or coming?

RON

Fine.  I get it.  I saw you two 
the other night.  Yeah, that’s 
right.  Didn’t know I knew, did 
you?

HERMIONE

What?  Ron, no -- please --

HERMIONE

He’s gone.

HARRY

Salvio Hexia... Protego Totalum...

HERMIONE

It’s a Muggle station.

Hermione.

“I open at the close.”

HARRY

You were right.  It’s like you 
said.  Snitches have flesh 
memories.  But I didn’t catch my 
first Snitch with my hand.  I 
almost swallowed it.

HERMIONE

‘I open at the close?’

HARRY

What do you reckon it means?

HERMIONE

I don’t know.  But look, I’ve 
found something as well...

HERMIONE

I thought it was a picture of an 
eye, but now I don’t think it is.  
It isn’t a rune and it’s not in 
Spellman’s Syllabary either.  And 
it’s been inked in -- somebody 
drew it -- it isn’t part of the 
book.

HARRY

Luna’s dad was wearing that, at 
Ron-
At Bill and Fleur’s wedding.

HERMIONE

What d’you mean -- wearing it?

HARRY

Around his neck.  Like an amulet.  
I didn’t think much of it at the 
time.  You know Luna -- she’s 
always got some mad thing or the 
other she’s carrying around.  I 
just figured it ran in the family.

HERMIONE

Why would someone have drawn it in 
a children’s book?

HARRY

Hermione, I’ve been thinking.  I -- 
I want to go to Godric’s Hollow.  
It’s where I was born, it’s where 
my parents died --

HERMIONE

And it’s exactly where You-Know-
Who will expect you to go.  
Because it means something to you.

HARRY

But it means something to him too, 
Hermione.  You-Know-Who nearly 
died there.  Wouldn’t that be just 
the kind of place he’d hide a 
Horcrux?

HERMIONE

It’s dangerous, Harry.  But I have 
to admit, recently even I’ve been 
thinking we might have to go.  I 
think it’s possible something else 
is hidden there.
The sword.  If Dumbledore didn’t 
want it falling into the 
Ministry’s hands, but wanted you 
to find it, what better place to 
hide it than the birthplace of the 
founder of Gryffindor himself?

HARRY

Godric’s Hollow is the birthplace 
of Godric Gryffindor -- I mean, 
‘course it is.  Obvious, isn’t it?

HERMIONE

Harry, did you ever even open A 
History of Magic?

HARRY

Tossed it at Neville once when he 
was snoring -- might’ve popped 
open.

HARRY

Hermione...

HERMIONE

Don’t ever let me give you a 
haircut again.

HERMIONE

I still think we should’ve used 
Polyjuice Potion.

HARRY

No.  This is where I was born.  
I’m not returning as someone else.

HERMIONE

Harry, I think it’s Christmas Eve!  
Listen...

HARRY

Do you think they’d be in there?  
My mum and dad?

HERMIONE

Yeah. I think they would.

HERMIONE

Harry.

HARRY

Is it -- ?

HERMIONE

No.  But look.

HERMIONE

Did you know he had a sister?

HARRY

No.

HERMIONE

Lumos.

HERMIONE

Ignotus... Hey, Har --

HARRY

Happy Christmas, Hermione.

HERMIONE

Happy Christmas, Harry.

HERMIONE

Harry...

HARRY

Yeah.

HERMIONE

Someone’s watching us.  By the 
gate.

HARRY

C’mon.

HERMIONE

I don’t think this is a good idea.

HARRY

We look like ordinary Muggles.

HERMIONE

Muggles who’ve just been laying 
flowers on your parents’ grave.

HARRY

Relax.  This is right.  I know it.

HERMIONE

Omigod.  Harry...

HARRY

This is where they died, Hermione.  
This is where he murdered them.

HARRY

You’re Bathilda, aren’t you?

HERMIONE

Harry, I’m not sure about this.

HARRY

Hermione, she knew Dumbledore.  
She might have the sword.  
Besides, she’s barely knee-high to 
a house-elf.  I think we can 
overpower her if it turns ugly.

HERMIONE

There’s something odd about her.  
And what’s that smell?

HARRY

She’s gaga, remember?

HARRY

Here.  Let me do that.

HERMIONE

You have a lovely house, Miss 
Bagshot.

HARRY

Miss Bagshot?  Who is this man?

HARRY

His name.  Can you tell me his 
name?

HARRY

This is him, Hermione.  The one I 
saw in Gregorovitch’s wandshop.  
The thief.  Miss Bagshot, who is 
he?

HARRY

She wants us to go upstairs.

HERMIONE

All right...

HARRY

She wants me to go.  Alone.

HERMIONE

Why?

HARRY

It’s all right.  You stay here.

HERMIONE

Harry...

HARRY

Lumos.

BATHILDA BAGSHOT

You are Potter?

HARRY

Yes.

BATHILDA BAGSHOT

I have something for you...

HERMIONE

Harry!

HERMIONE

Confringo!

HERMIONE

Harry... Harry, can you hear 
me...?

HARRY

Yes.

HERMIONE

Good.  That’s good...

HARRY

We got away.

HERMIONE

Yes.

HARRY

Are you alright?

HERMIONE

I’m fine.  But you’ve been sick.  
Rest... Rest a bit more...

HARRY

You’ve outdone yourself this time.

HERMIONE

The Forest of Dean.  I came here 
once with my mum and dad, years 
ago.  It’s just how I remember it.  
The trees.  The river.  It’s like 
nothing’s changed.  Not true, of 
course.  Everything’s changed.  If 
I brought my parents here, they 
wouldn’t recognize any of it.  Not 
the trees.  Not the river.  Not... 
me.

HARRY

Where are they?

HERMIONE

Wendell and Monica Wilkens now 
reside happily in Sydney, 
Australia.  They have two dogs, 
run a small sweet shop, but floss 
daily.  No children.

HERMIONE

Maybe we should just stay here, 
Harry.  Grow old.

HERMIONE

You wanted to know who the boy in 
the photograph was.  Well, I know.

HERMIONE

It was in Bathilda’s sitting room.  
Rita Skeeter had sent it to her.  
Harry, it doesn’t make for very 
nice reading --

HARRY

Who is he, Hermione?  The thief?  
Did Dumbledore know him?

HERMIONE

Yes.

HARRY

Well?

HERMIONE

For a time.

HARRY

Tell me, Hermione.  Who is he?

HERMIONE

Gellert Grindelwald.  He’s not 
very well known in Britain, but 
there was a time, before You-Know-
Who...

HARRY

Hermione, I don’t need to have 
read A History of Magic to know 
who Gellert Grindelwald is.

HERMIONE

When Grindelwald was seventeen, he 
was expelled from Durmstrang.  
He’d started doing some twisted 
things at school -- experiments.  
A few teachers had always 
protected him, but they couldn’t 
anymore.  After he left, he 
traveled for awhile, then ended up 
in Godric’s Hollow where his great 
aunt lived, Bathilda Bagshot.

HARRY

Get to the hard part, Hermione.

HERMIONE

She introduced him to Dumbledore.  
It made sense.  Dumbledore’s 
mother had just died, Grindelwald 
was troubled and they were both 
brilliant -- they’d never really 
had anyone they could talk to on 
the same level.  They did a lot of 
talking that summer.  But they 
always returned to one particular 
subject.

HERMIONE

Wizard rule over Muggles.

HARRY

And Dumbledore believed in it?

HERMIONE

Yes.

HARRY

‘For the Greater Good.’  What does 
that mean?

HERMIONE

It was something Dumbledore came 
up with.  He believed wizards were 
superior and should rule over 
Muggles, but gently, for their own 
good.  Grindelwald took a more 
violent position.

HERMIONE

It was a different time, Harry.  
It was one summer.  Dumbledore was 
young --

HARRY

We’re young, Hermione.  And here 
we are, risking our lives to fight 
against the very thing Dumbledore 
supported.

HERMIONE

He changed, Harry.  Years later, 
it was Dumbledore who put 
Grindelwald in prison.

HARRY

Where’s my wand?  I’ll take the 
watch.

HARRY

Hermione.  Where’s my wand?

HERMIONE

It’s my fault.  As we were leaving 
Godric’s Hollow, I cast a curse 
and it rebounded... I’m sorry, 
Harry, I tried to mend it but 
wands are different --

HARRY

It’s done.

HERMIONE

Maybe we can --

HARRY

It’s done.

HARRY

Leave me yours.  You get back in 
the warm.  And give me that.

HERMIONE

He loved you, Harry.  I know he 
loved you.

HARRY

No...

HARRY

Lumos!
Accio Sword.

HARRY

Diffindo.

HARRY

Hermione...

RON

Are -- you -- mental?

HARRY

It was you!

RON

Well, yeah.  Bit obvious, I'd 
think.

HARRY

And the doe.  That was you as 
well.

RON

No.  I reckoned it was you.

HARRY

My Patronus is a stag.

RON

Right.  Antlers.

HARRY

You didn’t see anyone else?

RON

No, I... I did think maybe I saw 
something -- when I was running -- 
over there -- 

RON

Anything?

HARRY

But I reckon whoever cast the doe, 
put the sword in that pool hoping 
we’d find it.

RON

And we did, didn’t we?

HARRY

See that?  It knows.  It’s afraid.
Do it.

RON

What?  No.  Harry.  That thing’s 
bad for me.  I can’t handle it.  
I’m not making excuses for how I 
acted, but that thing affects me 
more than it affects you and 
Hermione.  It made me think stuff 
-- stuff I was thinking anyway, 
but it made everything worse.

HARRY

All the more reason.

RON

No.  I can’t -- 

HARRY

Then why are you here?  Why did 
you come back?

HARRY

I’ll have to speak to it in order 
for it to open.  When it does, 
don’t hesitate.  I don’t know 
what’s in here, but it’ll put up a 
fight.  The bit of Riddle that was 
in his diary tried to kill me.

HARRY

On three.  One.  Two.  Three.
Take me inside...

HARRY

Stab it, Ron.  Now.

VOICE

I have seen your heart and it is 
mine...

HARRY

Don’t listen to it.

VOICE 

I have seen your dreams, Ronald 
Weasley, and I have seen your 
fears...

HARRY

Ron.  Don’t listen to it!

VOICE 

Least loved, by the mother who 
craved a daughter.  Least loved, 
by the girl who prefers your 
friend...

HARRY

Ron.  Stab it!

RIDDLE-HARRY

We were better without you, 
happier without you.

RIDDLE-HERMIONE

Who could look at you beside Harry 
Potter?  What are you, compared 
with the Chosen One...?

HARRY

Ron.  It lies!  Stab it!  STAB IT!

RIDDLE-HARRY

Your mother confessed that she 
would have preferred me as a 
son...

RIDDLE-HERMIONE

Who wouldn’t prefer him, what 
woman would take you, you are 
nothing, nothing, nothing to 
him...

HARRY

Do it, Ron!  Kill it!

HARRY

After you left, she cried for a 
week.  She’s like my sister.

RON

I’m sorry.  I’m sorry I left.

HARRY

You’ve sort of made up for it 
tonight.  Getting the sword.  
Finishing off the Horcrux.

RON

Saving your life.

HARRY

That too.

RON

And just think of it.  Only three
to go.

HARRY

Hermione!

HERMIONE

Everything all right?

HARRY

Fine.  Actually... more than fine.

RON

Hey.

RON
Wo -- hey -- ouch!

HERMIONE

You -- complete -- arse -- Ronald 
-- Weasley!  You crawl back here 
after all these weeks and say, 
‘Hey?’
Where’s my wand?  Harry, where’s 
my wand!

HARRY

Um... I don’t know?

HERMIONE

Harry Potter, you give me my wand!

RON

How come he’s got your wand?

HERMIONE

Never mind why he’s got my wand --

HERMIONE

What is that?

HERMIONE

You destroyed it?

And exactly how is it you have the 
Sword of Gryffindor?

HARRY

It’s a long story.

HERMIONE

Don’t think this changes anything.

RON

No, of course not.  I only 
destroyed a bloody freaking 
Horcrux!  Why would that change 
anything!  Do you know what it was 
like for me to hear those words 
coming from you!  To see you doing 
those things --

HERMIONE

See me doing what things?

HERMIONE

What happened out there?

HARRY

It’s a long story.

RON

Look, I wanted to come back the 
minute I’d left.  I just... didn’t 
know how to find you.

HARRY

Exactly how did you find us?

RON

With this.

RON

It doesn’t just turn off lights.  
I don’t know exactly how it works, 
but Christmas morning I -- I was 
sleeping -- in this little pub-- 
I’d given some Snatchers the slip 
the night before, me being a blood-
traitor and all -- anyway, I was 
sleeping when I heard it...

HARRY

It?

RON

A voice.

RON

Your voice, Hermione.  Coming out 
of this.

HERMIONE

And what may I ask did I say?

RON

My name.  Just my name.  Like a 
whisper.

RON

So I took this and I clicked it 
and this tiny ball of light 
appeared.  And I knew.

HARRY

Knew what?

RON

Just knew.  On account of 
Hermione’s voice.  And sure 
enough, it floated toward me, the 
ball of light, right to my chest 
and then -- went straight through 
-- right here.

RON

I could feel it inside me.  It was 
warm, like the first sip of a good 
cup of tea.  And I knew it would 
take me where I needed to go.  

RON

So I Disapparated and came out on 
this hillside.  It was dark.  I 
didn’t have any idea where I was.  
I just had to hope one of you 
would show yourselves in the end.  
And you did.

RON

I’ve always liked it.  These 
flames Hermione makes.

RON

How long you reckon she’ll stay 
mad at me?

HARRY

Keep talking ‘bout that little 
ball of light touching your heart 
-- she’ll come round.

RON

It was true.  Every word.

You’re going to think I’m mental, 
but I think that’s why Dumbledore 
left it to me -- the Deluminator.  
I think he knew that at some point 
I’d... need to find my way back.  
And she’d lead me.

RON

Bloody hell.  I just realized.  
You need a wand, right?

HARRY

Yeah...

RON

Well, I’ve got one.  Here.  It’s 
Blackthorn, ten inches, nothing 
special, but I reckon it’ll do.  I 
took it off a Snatcher a few weeks 
back.

RON

Don’t tell Hermione, but they’re a 
bit dim, Snatchers.  This one was 
definitely part Troll.  The smell 
off him...

HARRY

Engorgio.

RON

Wo.

HARRY

Reducio!

HERMIONE

What’s going on in there?

HARRY/RON

Nothing.

RON

Maybe a bit more practice, eh?

HERMIONE

We need to talk.

RON

All right.

HERMIONE

I want to go and see Xenophilius 
Lovegood.

HARRY

Sorry?

HERMIONE

See this?  It’s a letter 
Dumbledore wrote to Grindelwald.  
Look at the signature.  It’s the 
mark again.

HERMIONE

It keeps cropping up.  Here.  In 
Beedle the Bard.  In the graveyard 
in Godric’s Hollow -- what?

HARRY

Jesus.  It was there too.

HERMIONE

Where?

HARRY

Outside Gregorovitch’s wand shop.  
on the alley wall...

RON

But what does it mean?

HERMIONE

Harry, you don’t have a clue where 
the next Horcrux is.  And neither 
do I.  But this, this means
something.  I’m sure of it.

RON

I think Hermione’s right.  I think 
we ought to go and see Lovegood.  
What say we vote on it?  Those in 
favor...

RON

Sorry, Harry.  Looks like it’s 
Hermione and me this time.

HARRY

Not still mad at him, are you?

HERMIONE

I’m always mad at him.

RON

Luna?

HARRY/HERMIONE

Luna.

RON

Keep off the dirigible plums.

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

What is it?
Who are you?
What do you want -- 

HARRY

Hello, Mr. Lovegood.  I’m Harry 
Potter.  We met a few months back?

HARRY

Would it be okay if we came in?  
It won’t take long, sir.  I 
promise.

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

Excuse me.

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

So.  What brings you here, Mr. 
Potter?

HARRY

Well, sir, we need some help.

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

Ah.  Help.  I see.  Yes, well, the 
thing is, helping Harry Potter, 
rather dangerous these days...

RON

Aren’t you the one who keeps 
telling everyone it’s their first 
duty to help Harry?

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

I have expressed that view, yes.  
In the past.  Would you excuse me 
one moment.  I shall return 
shortly and, um, try to help 
you...

HARRY

What’s going on here?

RON

He’s mental.  Let’s face it.  
Luna’s always good value, but 
she’s nutty as squirrel poo.

HERMIONE

Do you see that?

RON

Well, yeah, of course.  It’s 
massive, isn’t it?

HERMIONE

No!  Don’t go near it!

HERMIONE

It’s an Erumpent horn.  It’s a 
Class B Tradeable Material.

RON

Yeah, all right...

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

May I offer you all an infusion of 
Gurdyroots? We make it ourselves.

HERMIONE

Where is Luna, sir?

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

Luna?  Oh, um, she’ll be along.  
Now how can I help you, Mr. 
Potter?

HARRY

Well, sir, it’s about something 
you were wearing around your neck 
at the wedding.  A symbol...

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

You mean this?

HARRY

Yes!  Exactly.  What we wondered, 
sir, is, well, what is it?

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

What is it?  Well, it’s the sign 
of the Deathly Hallows, of course.

HARRY/RON/HERMIONE

The what?

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

The Deathly Hallows.  I assume 
you’re all familiar with ‘The Tale 
of the Three Brothers?’

HERMIONE/RON

Yes.

HARRY

No.

HERMIONE

It’s in here.

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

Well, there’s no real reason to go 
on unless one is familiar with the 
tale.  Why don’t you read it 
aloud, Miss...?

HERMIONE

Granger.  Well... all right.
There were once three brothers who 
were traveling along a lonely, 
winding road at twilight --

RON

Midnight.  Mum always said 
midnight.
But twilight’s fine.  Better 
actually.

HERMIONE

In time, the brothers reached a 
river too treacherous to pass...

HERMIONE 

But being learned in the magical 
arts, the three brothers simply 
waved their wands and made a 
bridge.  They were halfway across 
it when they found their path 
blocked by a hooded figure.

HERMIONE 

It was Death and he felt cheated, 
for travelers usually drowned in 
the river.  But Death was cunning.  
He granted each brother a wish for 
their cleverness.  The oldest, who 
was a combative man, asked for a 
wand more powerful than any in 
existence.  So Death fashioned one 
from an elder tree on the banks of 
the river.

HERMIONE 

The second brother, who was an 
arrogant man, asked for the power 
to recall others from Death.  So 
Death plucked a stone from the 
river.  Finally Death turned to 
the third brother.  A humble man, 
he asked for something that would 
make him disappear.  And so it was 
that Death handed over his own 
Cloak of Invisibility.  Death then 
stepped aside and the brothers 
went their separate ways...

HERMIONE 

The first brother traveled to a 
distant village where, with Elder 
Wand in hand, he killed a wizard 
with whom he had once quarreled.  
Proceeding to an Inn, he bragged 
of his invincibility.  But that 
very night...

HERMIONE 

... another wizard crept upon him 
as he lay sleeping.  He took the 
Elder Wand... and slit the 
brother’s throat for good measure.  
And so Death took the first 
brother for his own...

HERMIONE 

Meanwhile, the second brother 
journeyed to his home, where he 
took out the stone and turned it 
thrice in hand.  To his delight, 
the girl he had once hoped to 
marry before her untimely death 
appeared before him.  Yet soon she 
turned sad and cold, for she did 
not belong in the mortal world.  
Driven mad with hopeless longing, 
the second brother killed himself 
so as to join her.  And so Death 
took the second brother...

HERMIONE 

As for the third brother, Death 
searched for many years but was 
never able to find him.  Only when 
he had attained a great age did 
the youngest brother shed the 
Cloak of Invisibility and give it 
to his son.  He then greeted Death 
as an old friend and went with him 
gladly, departing this life as 
equals...

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

Well, there you are.  Those are 
the Deathly Hallows.

HARRY

Sorry... I still don’t really 
understand...

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

The Elder Wand...

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

The Resurrection Stone...

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

... then encloses both in a TRIANGLE.
The Cloak of Invisibility.  
Together... they make the Deathly 
Hallows.  Together... they make 
one master of Death.

HERMIONE

Mr. Lovegood, does the Peverell 
family have anything to do with 
the Deathly Hallows?

That was the name on the grave 
with the mark on it in Godric’s 
Hollow.  Ignotus Peverell.

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

Ignotus and his brothers Cadmus
and Antioch are thought to be the 
original owners of the Hallows and 
therefore the inspiration for the 
story.

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

Ah, but your tea’s grown cold.  
Excuse me, I'll be right back.

RON

Let’s get out of here once he’s 
back.  I’m not touching this 
stuff, hot or cold.

HARRY

Which one would you choose if you 
could?  Of the Deathly Hallows?

HERMIONE

It’s obvious, isn’t it?

All three speak at once:

RON

The Wand.

HERMIONE

The Cloak.

HARRY

The Stone.

RON

You’re supposed to say the Cloak, 
but who wants to spend all day 
being invisible.  Dead boring if 
you ask me.  But an unbeatable 
wand!

HERMIONE

Its owner grew drunk with power 
and was murdered.

RON

Yeah, but imagine what a short 
wicked life you’d lead.

HERMIONE

Why the Stone, Harry?

HARRY

Well, you could bring people back, 
couldn’t you?  Mad-Eye.  
Dumbledore.  Sirius.  Anybody.

HERMIONE

But according to the story they 
don’t want to come back.  It’s all 
rubbish anyway.  There’s no such 
thing as the Deathly Hallows.

HARRY

But I have one.  The Invisibility 
Cloak my father left me.

HERMIONE

There have always been Cloaks -- 

RON

Not like Harry’s.  I’ve seen a 
fair few.  Dad used to bring home 
the ones the Ministry confiscated 
from petty thieves and the like.  
They always got holes or tears.  
Harry’s is different.  It’s 
perfect.

HARRY

And I think I’ve actually held the 
Resurrection Stone in my hands, 
that night in Dumbledore’s office 
when he showed me the ring he’d 
destroyed, the Horcrux.  It had a 
symbol on it.  Now I think it was 
the mark of the Hallows.

HERMIONE

Mr. Lovegood.  Thank you, sir -- 

RON

You forgot the water.

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

The water?

RON

For the tea.

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

Did, didn’t I?  How silly of me.

HERMIONE

No matter, sir.  We really ought 
to be go--

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

No, you mustn’t --

HARRY

Sir?

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

You’re my only hope.  They were 
angry, you see, about what I’d 
been writing, so they took her.  
They took my Luna...
But it’s really you they want...

HARRY

Who took her, sir?

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

Him.  Surely you call him You-Know-
Who.  But his real name of course 
is... Voldemort.

RON

Nooooooooo!

XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD

Stop!  I’ve got him -- 

HERMIONE

Ron!  Harry!  Take my hand!

RON

That treacherous old bleeder!  Is 
there no one we can trust!

HARRY

They’ve kidnapped Luna because he 
supported me.  He was just 
desperate.

RON

I’ll do the enchantments.

SCABIOR

Hello, beautiful.

GRINDELWALD

Ah, Tom, I thought you would come 
one day.  But surely you must know 
I no longer have what you seek...

VOLDEMORT

If not you, then who?

GRINDELWALD

You’re so innocent, Tom.  Like a 
schoolboy.  There’s so much you 
don’t understand...

VOLDEMORT

Tell me, Grindelwald.  Tell me 
where to find it!  Tell me who 
possesses it!  The name, 
Grindelwald!  The name!

GRINDELWALD

Can’t you guess, Tom?  It lies 
with him, of course.  Buried 
within the earth.  It is he who 
possesses it, even in death.  Your 
old friend and mine... Dumbledore.

HARRY

They exist.  The Hallows.

HARRY

But he only wants the one, the 
last one.  That’s what he’s been 
looking for.

HERMIONE

What’re you saying?

HARRY

He knows where it is, You-Know-
Who.  He’ll have it by the end of 
the night.  He’s found the Elder 
Wand.

RON

Don’t touch her!

HERMIONE

Stop it!

SCABIOR

Your boyfriend’ll get worse than 
that if he doesn’t behave, lovely.

SCABIOR

What happened to you, ugly?

SCABIOR

What’s your name?

HARRY

Dudely.  Vernon Dudley.

SCABIOR

Check the list.  And you, ginger?

RON

Stan Shunpike.

SCABIOR

Like ‘ell you are.  We know skinny 
Stan.  Try again.

RON

Weasley...
Barney Weasley.

SCABIOR

Weasley, eh?  Wouldn’t be related 
to that blood traitor Arthur 
Weasley, would you?

RON

Piss off!  Arthur Weasley’s ten 
times the wizard you are!

SCABIOR

Worth ten times you if I can find 
him.  Wasn’t you that tipped him 
off, was it?

SCABIOR

How ‘bout you, lovely?  What do 
they call you...?

HERMIONE

Penelope Clearwater.  Half-blood.

SCABIOR

You smell like vanilla, Penelope.  
I think you’re going to be my 
favorite.

SNATCHER

There’s no Vernon Dudley on ‘ere.

FENRIR GREYBACK

Hear that, ugly?  The list says 
you’re lying.  How come you don’t 
want us to know who you are?  Hm?

HARRY

The list is wrong.  I told you who 
I am -- 

SCABIOR

Change of plans, boys.  We won’t 
be taking this lot to the 
Ministry.

HARRY

What did you put on me?

HERMIONE

A Stinging Jinx.

HARRY

How long will it last?

HERMIONE

Not long.

BELLATRIX

Show me.


